Not reliable ☹️. Ordered 2 they shipped 1 promised by certain day, then the next day, then the next day. 
stems were broken. Stems were broken due to poor packing. Shapes are way different from the pictures. Blemishes in the skin. 
Poor quality. The wicker baskets all unravel. Cheaply made. I reached out for replacements and heard nothing back. Going to send the whole thing back. 
This product is very easy to use. The first time is very good, very handy, but more than two times on the water, is not very normal. I gave him credit. Deleted. 
Not happy with customer service.. Polishing filter defective. Contacted the company got no response . 
Bad quality white board. This board could have been a perfect board for my son, but the stain does not come out from white board and the white board plastic (the materiel) started getting wrinkles. It is difficult to get any thing out of white board for adults, kids cannot remove it at all with the eraser or a cloth. 
Very disappointed in something that had such rave reviews. I just received it and the packaging had been opened and the soleplate cleaner was no where to be found. All I have are the cleaning cloths. Very disappointed in something that had such rave reviews!!! 
Buyer Beware! Nothing like the picture!. I try my best to be positive about my purchases from Amazon but this one I cannot be. This tree is the most cheaply made poorly constructed tree I’ve ever purchased. And now I have to keep it because I have three kids ready to decorate their Christmas tree this evening. This tree looks like it is been constructed by elementary school children and put together with glue. I am very unhappy with this purchase it looks nothing like the picture! My poor kids are going to be so sad as our tree falls apart! 
Not durable. Almost every peach balloon popped after a few mins of inflating. The color is very nice. I wish it was durable. 
Didn’t get what was expected. Did not get the Pom poms. Just received the globes and then fan like decorations. Super disappointed 
BUY BUT STAY AWAre. Great Product but as time passes gets worse. 
Only one box???. When i ordered this item i was expecting to receive 5 little boxes as pictured... Nope one little box! Not worth the price!!! 
Don't keep a flame/no crackling. Bought these for my homemade candles. The wicks are thin and do not keep a flame or burn out completely. Going to try doubling or tripling up and soaking in oil so they dnt go completely to waste. 
Don't waste your money!. Color is faded out. But when you take a picture it enhances the color for some inexplicable reason!!! Don't waste your money. When you want to return it you have to pay for shipping so to cut your losses you wind up taking their ridiculous settlement/discount and just keep it. Then use it as a shower liner. What a scam! Beware of Amazon third party sellers and don't deal with this one. 
Soft but Not at all cooling. Love the feel of the sheet set but very disappointed in the cooling effect that your website describe. It is not at all cooling when sleeping. In fact tit gets really warm and still waking up sweating. This purchase was completely unsatisfied. I washed it so I have to keep it. I am very disappointed in this product. 
Shredded after a few months. I really liked these sheets at first but after a few months they are shredded. They came apart and now have 18” holes in them. I definitely will not buy again! 
refunded, no problem. the pump does not spin, only turns 270 degree s 
Unsafe bc so loose?. We generally like Aden and Anais products, but this fitted sheet doesn’t seem so fitted. I’m actually concerned it’s so loose that’s its unsafe. Defective or are they all like this? 
Made a T for the top hole....tell the design engineer. Worthless---Am going elsewhere to buy one that works. no Threaded screw in ends for urn No phone # or contact # 
I love Amazon & for the first time I am so .... I love Amazon & for the first time I am so disappointed with the item I received. The size is nothing compared to the pic & the color is way way pale. The piece I received has only a slim strip of amethyst down the middle of the rough outter stone & the color couldn't be lighter. I don't know how to return it. 
Doesn't do anything. I got this when I was a lot newer to crafting and it seemed like the roller would be a big help especially since most of the crafts I was doing were mod podge based. I opted to buy this here because it was cheaper than at the crafting stores like Michaels but regrettably paying any price for this was a waste. The roller does practically nothing. There's very little weight to it so it doesn't really give you much pressure other than your own when using and when you try to use it to spread mod podge it doesn't, it moves right over it or if you try to smooth something like paper after you've applied it nothing happens either. I've saved the rubber squeegee as I use that when handling some vinyl projects. 
Too small. Return in progress as item was not the advertised size. Fell at least 6 inches short in width. 
Broken when it arrived.. This product arrived with a bent pole and two missing rollers and not instructions to assemble. I promptly returned the item and went to a local store to purchase. 
I want a new pad, then I’ll do a review on the product.. Came with no wrapping or protection of ANY kind, now dented and came apart! This has never happened before. 
Fun, but not enough paint.. Not enough paint for some colors, and they dry up easily. But it is fun. 
Two Stars. Much smaller than I expected and the fur is slightly falling out. 
Extremely bright light even when dimmed. This is unbelievably bright even on the lowest dimmest setting. It completely lights up the room! I am returning it since I was looking for a clock that you can read but won't light up the room. 
Does not last.. I used this pillow for a few months before it separated width wide. Now it has 2 parts. I’m pretty disappointed with the product. I thought if I spent a little more it would be a good pillow. Not so! 
Decent mattress cover.. If you sleep by yourself it's ok. But if you sleep with someone else, you roll together, and with it being memory foam even if you move away the indent is still there and you just slide back together. It also gets really hot. Even with the "gel" it seems to hold heat, and can get uncomfortably warm. Maybe if I went with a smaller thickness. 
Very light weight. Very light weight with no backing. Will not put them on an expensive blazer 
Disappointed. I'ts a beautiful picture and vibrant colors...BUT, The diamonds won't stick. Disappointed 
Two Stars. While they stuck they were good but then they all fell down 
Weak branches. As soon as I pulled them out of the package the limbs started breaking not all of them But a few 
Small. I like the finish on the product however the real issue was the size. I expected it to be larger like another one i have but it’s thin and tinier. Since i already put it together i have to make due /: just check to make sure it’s the size you need 
my wife didn't like it.. tree too small, my wife didn't like it. 
Order the same item but one is different.. I bought two of these mugs, and idk why this black mug sounds like it has sand inside it. The other one, a golden one, is just perfect it also comes in a travel bag 
Frustrating because the chime did not sync with the time.. Would never sync to the hourly chimes. Extremely frustrating and not worth the exchange. 
Very small drawers for a very large price. First, these are so expensive for some small, cheap, plastic drawers. But they came to me very dirty and had scrapes that I can’t get off. If it wasn’t for the scrapes and the expensive price for such small drawers, I would have liked them more. 
It okay. It dries out too fast but it it's good for a glass fountain pen I would not recommend it to use the refillable cartridge on this because it will dry out in it and you will have to Queen. 
This is not Teal!. I have ordered this twice now in TEAL and each time I’ve received a light blue!! I’m including a pic of what I get as TEAL,and this is not the picture shown for TEAL!! I’d very much like to get the Teal if you have any ideas?! 
The colors are dull and not nearly as vibrant as those displayed on .... The pattern is similar, but still quite different and disappointing. The colors are dull and not nearly as vibrant as those displayed on the website. I would not have made the purchase if I was aware that I would not receive this throw.. 
Lasted 4 months. look great but all bulbs burned out exactly 4 months after purchase - no indication of warranty 
Functional. Not very sturdy, works fine with slippers, sneakers though. 
Already starting to rust.. The bottom portion of the razor holder is not bent enough to hold the razor in place. Shower door shuts and the razor falls. 
Never received something that has been opened!. Didn’t realize it was a refurbished machine. The filter was full of dog hair when I received it . 
it worked good for a few months then the pump got clogged. it worked good for a few months then the pump got clogged. I looked up ways to fix but I still could not get it to work 
..... These were nice at first but I've only had them a month and the lights are different colors like ones white and other is off white. Finally today one just completely went out. 
It's way to big for my daughter who's a toddler .... It's way to big for my daughter who's a toddler. I tried using it once and I find it to be very uncomfortable...I'm comparing it to a Brookstone travel pillow. 
Pretty but weak wool hook. Loved the look and still use it but the little wool hook broke immediately 
works well. This air purifier works well. It circulates the air in our bedroom at low speed without much noise. It is small and lightweight making it easy to move from room to room when necessary. We are happy with our purchase. 
Size of window. I liked the curtains very much. Material and craftsmanship was very nice. However, the color and style of the curtians I chose did not work very well with the window and room. So, I returned them. Otherwise, I would have used them. 
As Expected. Happy with what I got 
Vibrant colors.. My friend who I had Amazon send it to said it was pretty with beautiful colors. 
Great, but if you need cold air, get an AC.. Great fan but don't expect 'cold' air. The air is cool but not cold. It does the job well enough to justify not buying an AC, but if you need real cooling power, get an AC as this fan just blows somewhat cool air. But nonetheless great fan. Only issue is that it is a bit wobbly on the stand but if you're not clumsy you won't knock it over. 
Perfect size but needs improvement. Was looking to make my shower look more organized. Perfect size and color for my modern shower. Unfortunately the water will accumulate since they didnt put enough holes for the water to flush out. I modified it with my drill and put holes all over the bottom now I dont have a mildew build up. 
Great molds for resin.. Pay close attention: you only get one (random) color glitter. I wish there were more pipettes, I use a lot of those. Also, wish there were double if the smaller tiny molds (like the cat shape) for things like earrings. The ring mold is really too small for me (and most people I know) but my kid likes playing with the one and only ring I made. The bangle mold won’t go over my wrist (the product it makes won’t) but I mostly use it to set extra resin. Glitter sticks to it like CRAZY but glitter sticks to everything. Hard to clean off. It’s also difficult to remove anything from the taller skinny molds but still good for the price. 
Performs Well.... Should work well for anyone with fine line marker needs...Price is good, too! Take Care! 
A great budget candle.. This product is decent, the internal timer doesn't last from year to year and usually just ends up staying on 100% of the time. It looks great in the window, and produces a nice bright light. 
Prevent from Leather Fabric Peeling. It helped cover our two leather rocker chairs from continuing to peel near headrests & leaving residue. 
Great colors!!. Colors names difficult to read even w/glasses. Shiny. Just saying... 
Great product. These or ok. Got these to try out as a test. Does very well 
Sturdy but replace the mounting screws right away.. Very sturdy Only issues I had were the brass mounting screws. The do snap so I replaced them with sturdy screws. Not a deal breaker at all. I also took a drop of ca glue and glued the round risers onto the main bar. Huge time saver if you are installing solo. It holds the risers in place while you attach the shelf. 
good product. not exactly as pictured with white Kirby Logo, mine arrived a yellow color. not sure of difference but belt worked fine 
Four Stars. Folds out nicely. Full shape. Very nice 
Super Cute. This pillow cover is very cute and well made. My only complaint is that the material is very thin. It will be perfect for what I ordered it for. 
This is a nice set for the price. This is a nice set for the price. I bought it for our guest room. I marked it down one star because the 2 little decorative pillows were squished when they arrived and despite attempts to fluff them up, they look too flat. 
Almost 5 stars. Sheets are soft as hell, there was a pulled thread on one side(pic) super small and not really noticeable but it sucks that it’s defective on delivery. Not going to stop me from sleeping on them though. 
Perfect. I'm still pregnant with my baby girl. But the onesie looks just as its pictured online and the fabric is very soft and silky. I'm just a little upset that the head band is a sort of DIY thing. I guess I have to learn to tie a bow lol. Other than that it's perfect and I can't wait to see my little girl wear it. 
Odd. Came packaged nicely, however it was covered in lint..???? Super comfortable but the lint was rather annoying to remove. 
I bought this thinking it was an iron on product .... I bought this thinking it was an iron on product for tshirts, but it is for decals. You also need to purchase transfer paper with it. For sticker decals, this is ok, its easier than rolls in certain ways. 
Great color on the teal blanket!. I bought the teal color in both twin size and king size. The color is true to the picture - very bright. The twin size came rolled up in it's own container. The king size came vacuum packed and have may have been a return previously. I hope not b/c these are gifts. I did unzip the container and the blanket feels very soft. There is no smell. The price was great. So it is white on the sherpa side and teal on the top side. Now to the sage/green one. Very pale color but otherwise same as above. Again, a gift. 
Can’t working as highlight pens. Not as what I thought as the high light pens.But my daughter love them. 
I would buy this again.. I have a King 💤 # bed & it fits perfectly plus color is deep & rich as pictured. I have not washed it yet & I did have to air it out for a slight odor. 
Four Stars. Hard to evaluate; I lost a pet and that is what this represents. 
Awesome & Amazing Experience DEFINITELY RECOMMEND. Just Awesome durability and its as exactly as the seller had described even better this is my first time buying this kind of Kit and I tell you what I am so proud of it I love it love it love it is so awesome I recommend the seller to anyone seller is an amazing seller and is true to their word thank you for sending such an awesome package From Irma McKnight 
I can see without bright lights on.. The light is very helpful for dark colored yarns.Very comfortable to use. 
Not getting a new mattress anymore. Wonderful to sleep on. Was considering getting a new mattress and I'm not anymore. I have a memory foam top layer on my mattress that I felt wasn't supporting me by the morning. My new topper firms it up while remaining soft and comfortable. Also just moved to CA, and I don't think it's hotter to sleep on than my regular mattress at all. If anything it actually cools me down a bit. 
Great shape. Pyramid as described, well done. The stone is black and beautiful, it surface is unpolished but very soft . At first touch it stained my fingers with a fine black dust but after a thoroughly wash the pyramid did not stained my hand anymore. 
BEST CANDLE WITH BEST FRAGRANCE EVER!!!!!!!. I use to get these at this cute little shop in Eureka Springs, AR but since moved away and SO SO badly wanted these candles. They burn even the fragrance smells the whole house 2000 sq ft. I am a Candle freak and these are BY FAR the best I have ever burned. 
Nice washcloths. The washcloths are very soft, I like the little handles they have, color variety is great as I and my children each use a different color. 
Timely delivery, as ordered. Exactly what I expected. Great product! 
Light weight. I love this mirror! It’s both battery and plug in operated. I love that it’s affordable and light weight 
Great!!. In the summer I wear a darker shade of makeup. These wash cloths make it a breeze to get my makeup off the wash cloth! 
Working great, has enough capacity to last all night long. Had for a few weeks now. Working great, has enough capacity to last all night long. 
Great quality. The material is wonderful and they washed up great. No need to iron them. 
Happy Color. I use these vibrant yellow placemats for outdoor dinners. They are easy to clean. I love the yellow and with our round table they fit perfectly. They arrived wrapped in plastic and on time. 
Perfect pillow for me!. This pillow is the best thing I have ever purchased in my life! It’s so comfortable I feel like I’m sleeping in a cloud. It feels like I’m being cuddled on both sides. I’m 29 weeks pregnant at the moment and I have yet to be uncomfortable because of my belly. This pillow is a miracle. I can’t even lay on it without sleeping. I do, however have to buy more filling from the pillow losing a little firmness. Also in the picture it looks longer, but that doesn’t bother me. I will definitely be using this even after I’ve had my baby. I 100% recommend this buy. No regrets. 
Check the amazon.de site. It is MUCH cheaper there.. Check the amazon.de site. It is MUCH cheaper there. 
Five Stars. These were all Christmas gifts everyone loved their gifts 
Luxurious!. I still can't believe I dropped this much money on a duvet cover, it was more than the new down comforter we also bought! But I have to say, after just sitting it out in the (very elegant) packaging for about a week while convincing myself it was worth it I just could not bring myself to return it. So I finally unwrapped it and put it on the bed. It's sooooooo nice. The fabric is very nice quality and the print is crisp, deep, and a lot more intricate than a picture can show. The one we selected is all in rich tones of blue on a white background. Our bedroom is a pale yellow color and I wasn't sure I'd like such a strong, single tone like blue in a yellow room, but I do. I experimented with a couple different colored sets of bed linen and really like them all, especially a lighter yellow set and a stark white with some silvery gray accents. All the stitching is very well done and I have not found a single spot that needed attention. Each inside corner has ties that can be used on a comforter that has corresponding tabs, and the ties are just the right length to easily attach without struggling. It has a concealed button closure right at the edge and this makes both sides available to be face up. There were no odd smells when removing it from the packaging. I set it up right from the package, intending to only spread it out to look at then wash, but got lazy and just left it. The fabric is quite stiff with whatever product the manufacturer uses. While it means the cover is pretty much perfect right out of the box in appearances I don't like the stiffness, and it makes a rustling sound similar to waxed tissue paper when moving assertions at night. I plan to gently wash it soon and do not expect any issues from that. We ordered the king size and received king size pillow shams, which I wasn't expecting. It's fine, but we don't have that size pillows and honestly I don't plan to use them for sleeping anyway. I like the trim detail on the shams. Top use them you just insert the pillow through an opening in the center of the back. No buttons or need to fold fabric over anything. I'd also planned to buy a waterproof cover fire the duvet, mostly for the "dust" that down sometimes produces that escapes through fabric, but I don't think I need to with this set. The fabric of this cover is very, very dense and thick. I may still buy one since we have kids and pets, just to be safe. Dunno. So yeah, I do recommend this if you can accept the cost at first. I've never heard of this brand but I also don't buy linens or generally care about that kind of stuff. It came nicely packaged in a fancy cardboard box, wrapped in tissue paper, and neatly folded in a matching cloth bag with handles (that I plan to reuse to carry some files for a monthly meeting). I ordered some simple king sized pillows so I can go ahead and use the shams. I'd purchase this brand again but a seriously don't see this set ever wearing out or getting ratty. Sometimes it's nice to just splurge. 
These sachets are perfect. Thank you. It is difficult to find patchouli that is not too strong. These sachets are perfect. Thank you. 
Great product !!!. Love this shower curtain was everything I was hoping for !!!!! Great quality and awesome price 
Great for cleaning under the bed. Yay, I don’t have to vacuum under the bed manually with a hose anymore. This is nice to have as a busy parent. 
Firm and stylish tube pillow.. Perfect size for a queen sleeper sofa with arm rests. Ordered another one as soon as the first one came. Dark Grey matched sofa perfectly. 
Professional Setup. I'm very happy with this unit. I've read a lot of bad things, but in my case everything is working as it should and I'm very happy with it. I don't however spend a lot of time using it so those of you that are heavy on the soldering may have a more appreciated view than mine. 
Five Stars. Great all the way around. 
Great product. There's a lot of value in price.I'll buy it again, and I'll think about more of that.My son also loves that these platforms can be connected at the bottom and top, so you can stack them up. 
Dorm appropriate!. Love this so much! I put my tree up early, and realized it was broken:( so I ended up with this one because all the ones in stores were SO expensive! This one was super affordable! Easy to assemble and I currently have Halloween decorations all over it! I love it so much!!’ 
Easy to install & very cute. Perfect for my daughter’s Bed. Love how easy it is to put on or take off. Color matched great. Love how it lays too. 
