I might want to go to to Soul Summit
respond maybe to the fourth event
change my status to interested for Los Angeles Interactive Conference 2019
respond maybe to the fifth event
RSVP maybe to Insurgent Empire Book Launch
interested in going to Moon Viewing
respond interested to the third event
set my status as maybe for Hillside Bar Trivia Night
How many reminders are scheduled for tomorrow?
Tell me how many reminders I have next week.
Find Gucci Mane covers.
Find Rihanna.
when is my reminder for coffee with Alex
When should I expect to see the reminder for my brothers science club meeting?
when is my next rottweiler group reminder
When is my repair reminder for the truck?
When is the reminder set for Traico's birthday party?
What time and day do I have bus reminders set for?
When is the carpet cleaning reminder
When is the reminder for flight next week?
How long has Jackie worked for Viaero?
How Long has Albert worked for 1st National?
How long has Lily work at her current job?
How many years has Bill worked for Loaf n' Jug?
How long has Bob worked at Fox?
When did John quit working at IBM?
what year did debbie start working for bath and body?
How long has Shannon worked at her current job?
When did Heidi start to work at Target?
How long did Debbie work at Walmart?
How long has Will worked for Boeing
Can I listen to that song over and over?
Keep this song on repeat until I tell you to stop.
What is Tom's number
If it's listed, can I get the cell number for Mariah Jenner?
Can you play the next song please
Please skip to the next track.
Can you skip the current track?
Start the next song
Please skip Beyonce.
Skip this track and go to the next song.
Skip, please
Go to the next song on the album
skip this music please
Mark song as Favorite
Tell me about this song.
Who sung the last song?
How many songs on this CD?
what's the name of this band?
Who is the artist singing this song?
What artist sing this song
What's the name of that performer of this song.
Who's the artist
What is this song?
Who sings the song Hey Pretty?
What album is this?
Who is singing
What is the name of this band currently playing
What genre of music is this song?
what is playing right now
Remind me to do a workout video at 2pm this afternoon.
remind me a day before alekss birthday
Remind me to pick up the car from Stan on Thursday at 7:15.
Set a reminder for me to book our rental car for vacation by the end of the week.
Remind the marketing team to meet in the conference room tomorrow at 9 am.
set up a reminder to call school for a meeting about my children.
Remind me to buy garlic today at 5 pm.
remind me about the meeting on monday at 5 am
Set up reminder to send thank you notes out next week
remind me to start dinner at 5:00 pm today
Set reminder for walking the dog
Can you remind me to send flowers to Geno funeral?
Remind me to buy a present for Cheryl's party.
Alexa remind me this weekend that I have to delete spam emails from my email box.
Remind me to call Annette tomorrow at 6:30p for credit card money
I don't want to forget to color my hair
Remind me that my daughter has a concert Wednesday night at 7 pm
Remind me to mail out Tommy's birthday card tomorrow.
Remind me to pack my scarf tonight.
Send group reminder to list any allergies anyone has who is coming to the birthday party
Remind me to pick up Evelyn at 4
Set up a reminder to video chat my husband tonight at 10pm
Remind me to order that book tomorrow before 11am
I need gas; can you remind me to get some?
Send me reminders about dad's appointments
Remind me to get bread tonight
Please remind me to attend the conference call today at 11am.
Will the realtor help me find an apartment or only a house? Remind me to ask her.
Set an alert for 20 minutes from now in case I fall asleep while working.
Alert me 5 minutes before my lunch reminder for today.
Remind me to add bottled water to grocery list.
Remind me tomorrow to call Josh and go over our plans.
remind aaliyah and alicia to leave at 3pm for practice, alert them 10mins before.
remind mandy to leave at 11; alert her 30 mins before
set up reminders one day in advance for all of my existing appts
Set up a reminder to wash clothes.
Remind me about hair appointment
Set up a reminder for jogging tonight.
Remind me to call University Oaks about the application at 6 pm.
Set a reminder for the Liz to pick up Charley before going to the dance rehearsal
Remind me to cancel my ancestry membership six months from now
Remind me to pick up ice on Saturday at 9am
set a reminder for employee party saturday evening at 8
Remind me to take my meds at 10 pm
Remind to meet my sister for Dinner Tuesday at 7p.
I need to email the accountant tomorrow; can you remind me tonight?
Remind me to leave for Special needs luncheon in Fairbanks Ranch at 11:30PT on September 6
Remind me to submit my research paper by 8pm.
Can you set up a reminder to lock my garage door before I leave town.
Remind me saturday to get the kids hair cut.
Set reminder for calling teacher at 8 am on monday
Remind me I have a doctor's appointment next Wednesday
The trial period is almost up on my eFax subscription; set a reminder to cancel service in two weeks.
Remind me to pick up Makael's medication Friday.
Remind me on July 28th to call Karen to wish her a happy birthday.
Remind Pixie to drop off her library books.
Remind me to pick up dry cleaning
remind me to get dog food, chew bones and pizza at 4pm today
Remind me to take in the trash cans tonight
Set a reminder for Dad to meet me for tennis on Sunday at noon.
Remind me to call my Mom on Sunday at 10 am.
Remind me to go to doctor tomorrow
Remind me to pay rent on the 31st in the evening
remind me the take out the trash when I arrive at home
Remind me to get pots and pans today
remind me of my appointment
alert me at 8am tuesday that need to pick up balloons
Remind me to check the oven in 30 minutes
Remind me to call Vet to set our dogs annual appointments.
this is very important please remind me a few minutes before 10 pm to give my mom the nebulizer treatment
Remind me that my exam is due Sunday by midnight.
Set reminder to pick up medications for 5pm tonight. Set reminder 5 minutes before.
Remind me to talk to john about the party on august 5
Remind me about the party this weekend.
I have a webinar at 6 today, can you set an alert for 15 minutes earlier?
create a reminder to call my mom for her birthday
Remind me to send out 5 emails to the accounting department regarding the purchase of new tech equipment
i have to meet Oscar for dinner tonight - can you alert me at 5pm
Remind me in an hour to call mom
I will be meeting my school friend Kate after many years next Friday evening at 5pm. Can you please set up a reminder to remind me about it Bot?
Set a reminder for me to pick up a suit at 11 am tomorrow
I need a reminder to get the car oil changed today.
Remind me to pick up groceries tomorrow
Set up a reminder for my sister to visit Adam at 5 pm tomorrow.
Remind me to call the doctor tomorrow
Remind me to pay the electric bill on Sunday
Remind me to email Susanne about the party on Saturday.
Tomorrow I need you to set me a reminder at 8 am I know what I'll do
New reminder to register car.
Remind me to clean the microwave tonight
remind me to pay my cell bill next week
Please Bot remind me to go and check the mail box at 2 pm.
Remind me to pick up Pete's dry cleaning on Wednesday.
Remind me to send my grandson a money order today
Remind me to buy flowers on the way home
remind me to take my pills tomorrow morning
Create a reminder to date Roy next  Tuesday morning.
Remind me to buy baby shower gift on Monday at 6pm
Remind me to pick up flowers for my parent's anniversary
please remind me to fill all perscriptons
Create an event reminder for our family reunion party for Wednesday, this week.
Set up a reminder to purchase ingredients for tomorrow's dinner
set reminder for july 4th party
Remind me to send an article in for the RMTA newsletter.
Can you remind me to order movie tickets before noon tomorrow
remind me to pay the cable bill on the 15th
remind me to return the DVD
Remind me to visit the restroom on Friday at 5 pm
Set a reminder for me to prep for my job interview this weekend.
Remind me to call John tomorrow at 10am.
remind me to wash my hair in six minutes
Remind me to check into my flight tonight at 6pm.
Set a reminder for doctor's appointment next Tuesday.
Remind me to be at home for repair works
Set a reminder to call my dad at 5:00 to ask about his doctor's appointment.
remind me to make a shopping list for back to school
Set a reminder for the party with my friends on Friday
Remind me to apply for the internship at Facebook before the weekend starts.
Set a reminder to check the cake in the oven 25 minutes from now.
Create a reminder.
Remind me to take the cookies out in 10 minutes
Remind me about concerts coming next month
Remind me of my job interview tomorrow at 3 pm
Please remind the dry cleaner that I need my winter coat on the 15th
Remind me of Debbie's and Eric's anniversary one week before.
Please set up a reminder for Saturday at 3 pm to pick up Josh
Remind me to wake up at 6 o'clock tomorrow
Set up a reminder to make a car payment by 1 pm Monday.
reminder to shop for peter birthday party
Remind me to make the cookies for the bake sale.
Remind Jordan that his haircut is $15.
The bank called and wanted the paperwork for the loan turned in before Saturday April 20th please set a reminder that same day 4 a.m.
remind me to stop for gas on the way home from work
I need to set a birthday party reminder for August 25th, please set a reminder for my family group at 4 pm.
remind me to put oil in the car 8:00 am tomorrow
Set a new reminder for 11:30 am.
remind to get gas today
Can you remind Bamby to walk the dog as soon as he gets home.
Remind me on August 10th at 9am to register for fall soccer.
Set reminder for doctors appointment may 9
Remind me at 5pm today to pick up cake.
Set up a reminder to call my phone provider in 10 minutes.
Remind me about dinner tomorrow night at 8 PM
Set up reminder for appointment
always remind me of appointments on day before
Remind me to text Martha tomorrow.
Set up a reminder for Saturday at 9 am for Mila's vet appointment.
Remind me of Nikos art fair on Tuesday at 2:00 pm.
set a reminder for dress fitting on sunday 1030
Remind me to pick up Eliza birthday cake on Friday for the birthday party .
remind me to check my gmail account at 4 pm Eastern time please
Can you remind me to get a present for Stacy next Thursday morning?
Remind me of my 10:00 am doctor's appointment
Create a reminder to take my car to have the tires rotated on Tuesday afternoon.
launch a plan
remind me to get gas on Friday
remind me to check on the ebay listing at 3:55pm
set reminder for oil change 6 months from now
Can you remind me to submit my spreadsheet at 5 pm today?
Remind me that I have a meeting in the morning.
Remind me to call my brother after work.
dont forget to call the tree removal guy and set up appt for sat
remind Jade to arrive at 5 am to get on the train
Remind me to call Aliana and ask about Headstart program, later at 5:15 pm.
Remind me one hour before my dental appointment on Tuesday
Dinner will be ready at 6:30, remind me at 6:00 to start the rice.
Set up a reminder to video chat with Christian tonight.
create a reminder to walk the cat.
Remind Tom and Dad to leave at 6pm, 15 mins before.
Remind me with an alarm in 10 minutes
please send reminders to all in the warehouse group about the upcoming meeting
Remind me tomorrow to leave the house
Remind me to gas for the mower on the way home tonight
Set a reminder for the Tupperware party I'm consulting for on the 8th.
Remind me to get coffee at 3pm tomorrow
Remind me Carole arrives in Portland August 30th
please remind me a 1pm to submit the board agenda in a timely manner
Remind me to set raid times in the guild.
Remind me to book my flight to Germany today.
Alert me to leave 15 minutes before dance class on Saturday
Remind me to take Max to the vet next Monday afternoon.
Please add a grocery list to my list of things to be reminded about doing today.
Reminder: pick up dog food tonight on the way home
Remind me to pick up a birthday card for Alise on the 29th.
I need to submit my application to the school this afternoon; Can you remind me at 1 PM?
Alert me at 2pm on Tuesday to bake brownies for the Paint Night
remind me about todays meeting 30 minutes before it starts
Remind me of my dentist appointment
I don't want to miss the train at 10 am; can you remind me 30 minutes before?
Remind me to pick my daughter up at school at 4:30 today.
Remind me to call the dentist
Remind me to order the flowers for the dinner.
Remind me to repeat daily affirmations.
Remind me to order a gift for Brad by Friday
Can you remind me to go shopping before one day.
Remind me to pick up mom for thursday doctor appointment.
Remind me to change cars
remind me to call mary tonight after work
Remind me to send that Vegetable Lasagne recipe to Kim before next Tuesday, August 7th.
Remind taylors bridal party that the meeting was changed to 2pm
Remind Sarah that we are meeting at 1230pm on the 3rd.
remind me cancel dentist  appointment for Tuesday
Remind me to email my younger brother.
Remind me to set my 7am alarm.
Remind me to do the dishes tonight.
Set up a reminder for my daughter to call me Saturday night.
Remind me to send out the email in 15 minutes.
Colby's dinner party is at 6pm in 2 days; can you remind me 15 mins before
remind me to set a appointment for a repairman in the morning.
remind me that the walking dead comes on Sunday at 7 pm
set reminder to bring side dish for peter birthday party
Remind me to call my son's teacher to set up a meeting next week.
Remind me to get home at 5.
Remind me to pick mom up on Sunday
Remind me to start dinner today at 5 pm.
remind me to shop for party stuff on friday
Remind me to cancel my fight for tomorrow evening.
Remind me to schedule a grocery pick-up.
Remind me to take a break.
Remind me on August 8th at 9am to tell Davy about Pua's party.
remind me to contact ellen about the shower arrangements in December
Set a reminder for 10am
Remind me to call mom
Remind me to get the cake out in 21 minutes.
remind me about dentist appointment tomorrow afternoon
Set a reminder to get milk
I don't want to oversleep for my class, so can you set my reminder for 9 am?
remind me to get coffee after work
Create a reminder for Diane to clean her room today.
SET A REMINDER FOR MY APPOINTMENT WITH SUE ON MONDAY AT 7:15AM
remind me to get a cake monday
Remind me to call the dentist tomorrow to make an appointment for next week.
I don't want to forget to bake that cake for the party
remind me of dave's birthday on july 5th.
Remind me to update my team about when customers will arrive next Monday.
Alert me 30 minutes before my dentist appointment this week.
Please set a reminder for me on Sunday night to take my laptop to work on Monday.
Remind the office staff that the meeting has changed to 3pm on Thursday
Remind me to wash the car on Saturday
Alert me a half hour before my call with Nickelodeon
Remind me to call Paul next Wednesday afternoon at 2:00 pm.
I will wake up in 10 minutes snooze it
Set alarm to snooze for 15 minutes
I want to snooze alarm
snooze
Stop alarm for 5 mins.
set snooze for 10 minutes
Give me a break and let me sleep
Snooze the alarm for fifteen minutes
snooze my alarm for 20 minutes
Let me doze for 5 mins please
Snooze
Snooze for 40 minutes
Snooze my alarms 1 hour
Snooze my alarm for 30 mins
Snooze alarm for every 5 minutes.
Please snooze my alarm
open iheart radio and play midnight on shuffle
put it on shuffle
Please put my current playlist on shuffle
randomize the current playlist
shuffle DAMN. COLLECTORS EDITION.
open Pandora and play Nirvana on shuffle
Pause the current song.
Please pause current song
pause track
resume timing
continue timing
resume my Laundry timer
Start the timer over
continue with my Meditation ended timer
Resume the timer tomorrow
start the time over
Resume timer.
Play James Arthur's album for me.
Play anything by Pentatonix.
Please play my gospel playlist
play r and b music
Play the newest Kanye West song
Play popular music from last year
Play Led Zeppelin.
please play some romantic music
let me hear Tchaikovsky on spotify
play Bob Marley
play a song by abba
play the album X (Japan Version) on iheartradio
play more songs from this album
Start playing Pandora.
more music like this
Play Son Cubano music now
Play Troye Sivan on Pandora
Play Hollywood Undead.
Play Mo Bamba, The 1975, please.
play me Red by taylor swift
Play Whitney Houston's greatest hits
Can you play Sabotage by Beastie Boys?
play Duran Duran on iheartradio
please play some Latin or meringue music
play the eagles greatest hits
play WBKS radio
fine me similar tracks
open iheart radio and play Save Tonight
Play the Beatle's top ten songs
Put on Lady Gaga's new album
Open google play and play Amy Grant
Play Madonna greatest hits
listen to to the track Another brick on the wall on Spotify
Play John Legend's latest album
Find Zac Brown Band's latest album
I want to listen to Nipsey Hussle on Pandora
Play Jeremy camp new single
Let me hear the latest album from Justin Timberlake
play No Money on iHeartRadio
Can I listen to The Weeknd's last album on Spotify
I want to hear aerosmith
Play Coldplay live album.
Play the rock playlist
Play soft music
can I listen to Thunder by Imagine Dragons on Spotify
Find Akon's channel
Play Don't Stop Me Now by Tee Grizzley
play the soundtrack to wicked
Can you please play some Tupac?
Play reggae
Please play classic rock music.
play worship playlist
Tell Pandora to play Something Just Like This
I want to listen to Meek Mill's newest album.
I want to hear Foreigner's greatest hits
play Thunderstorms on Spotify
Play music that will put a baby to sleep
play WKOW on iheartradio
I want to listen to some hip hop and R&B
open google play and play The First Five
Please play Metallica's newest song on Spotify.
i want to hear some Kanye West
That is the right song
play alan jackson
Play RnB Music
I want to hear some Indie Music
play favorite song list
Play music based on Celldweller.
play ariana grande
Please play me the new Rihanna song?
Play me instrumental music
Please play songs from the 1960s.
Play Kelsea Ballerini's newest album
play some rap music
I want to listen to ABBA.
PLAY COUNTRY
Play Nickelback
play madonna on spotify
go to Enigma playlist
play Formation on iHeartRadio
Please play Imagine Dragons.
I want to hear something from the 90's.
Play Dogs by Pink Floyd.
play pop 90s hits radio
Play my running playlist
play SBTRKT on iheartradio
play the album In The Lonely Hour (Drowning Shadows Edition) on iheartradio
play me some country
I want to listen to some old Glen Campbell
play justin timberlake
Play me some 90s rap music
Can I listen to Dancing With A Stranger
play me some country music
play some showtunes
play the musician Dua Lipa
Play Maxwell
play Bethel radio
can i listen to kendrick lamar's newest album?
Play Katy Perry's newest album
Play some Marvin Gaye.
find the playlist with boy bands
play Sam Feldt on google play music
Listen to my recently added playlist
music from the movies
Play some ZZ Top please.
play favorite workout songs
play the first album for killswitch engaged
play the album version of that song
play me some david lee roth
please play some Children's Television
Play that new Taylor Swift song
go to iheartradio and play KAMP-FM
Play Janis Joplin
I want to hear Kiss music
find the album under the iron sea
play the album King Of Pop on iheartradio
Go to my Spotify country playlist
play I Love It on iHeartRadio
Find a song by John Lennon.
start playing Hot Rocks 1964-1971 (Remastered)
Can you play a workout playlist on google play music?
play Save Tonight by will.i.am
play the last track from Talking to the Taxman
Play Nirvana's Nevermind.
Play the top songs from 2002.
play 580 station on iheartradio
Please play a Luke Bryan playlist.
I want to hear Beyonce on Spotify
turn on 550
play all rap
Let's hear some Selena Gomez.
Can you play music by John Legend?
Native American flute music please?
i want to listen to nicki minaj
Play me some Chris Brown on Spotify
search and play top country music
Play Pitch Perfect songs
Play all songs by Tee Grizzley.
I want to listen to some classic country
any john lennon tracks
play me some indy rap underground death metal music.
Play some J Guitar Pop music.
play z100 on iHeartRadio
Start playing The Rolling Stones's latest album
Justin Bieber's new song
Play my Justin Timberlake channel on Pandora
I want to listen to Justin Bieber's latest album
play Duran Duran
Can you find Hungry Like A Wolf by Duran Duran?
Play music by Prince.
Can you play Hypnotize by Notorious BIG?
Please play the new Arcade Fire album.
Please play more songs like the one playing.
find music with nature sounds in it
start playing Frank & Back To Black
Change to a different playlist please
I want to hear Tunnel Vision by Kodak Black.
Play Bob marley's last album
play Rocket Man: The Definitive Hits (Australian Tour Edition 2011) on iHeartRadio
play the album True on iheartradio
play Michael Jackson songs
play Sum 41 on iheartradio
Play some Thomas Rhett please.
Play music please
play Jhené Aiko on iheartradio
Switch to a rock channel
Play the heavy metal channel
open iheart radio and play The Complete Collection
Play Alternative Endurance station
Play songs by Ellie Goulding.
play some Indian
Play hip hop music.
Please play Country love songs.
modify reminder for next recording
update reminder for fish market grand opening from 5-10 pm
Where is my book club reminder with Tom?
Where do most of my reminders take place?
can you stop repeat all of my music?
end the call with jackson
stop call now
Hang up the audio call
please end call
Quit this call.
cease this conversation
Drop out of conversation call
Disconnect this call
End the phone call
leave call please
End my current call with Petco.
Hang up on this current call.
Stop calling dad
End the call immediately please
Disconnect this call.
hang up on Cesar Negus
I am done with this call
Stop the call now
Hang up the video call
End the call to hospital about surgery schedule.
i am done talking with my brother's call
stop that call
end call immediately
Hang up the call with John
The roast is not done, update reminder for 30 more minutes
Edit my reminder to contact United Healthcare to Friday.
move my reminder for getting flowers for Lisa to Friday
Update my reminders to call Rose to Friday at 4 pm MDT.
Reschedule the dinner reminder with Tracy to next Monday.
update my reminder for piano lessons to wednesday
Change my hair appointment reminder to 2:30 tomorrow.
Change reminder for TV show from tonight to tomorrow.
update reminder time to 10
Change today's Uber pickup call reminder from 3 pm to 6 pm
Change my 9 pm reminder to 9:30
Update today's alert 15 minutes later
Modify today's alert to Tuesday
Change the date for the picnic reminder from this Saturday to next Saturday.
For all japan reminders move them up 2 weeks
Can you change the alert time for my next reminder to 20 minutes before?
cancel the meeting reminder for 2pm and reset for this thursday at 1000am
Move my reminder for Mom's retirement party up from Sunday to Friday.
Move the reminder to buy Courtney's weddng gift to next Saturday at 9 am.
Change cooking night reminders to Monday and Wednesday from Tuesday and Thursday.
Update shopping reminder to Saturday instead of Friday.
Change my reminder for this evening to 9pm.
Change the date for mom's birthday card reminder from June 27th to June 28th!
Modify the noon lunch reminder with Sarah to 2pm
Change reminder about mailing check to Bob from tomorrow to Wednesday, same time
Change the reminder to Call Dani to 4pm instead of 3pm
Change my status to available
have my setting set to available please
Set my status to available
i am available all day
Set me as available this instant
Change my availability to online
Ready mode now
I'm now available
i want to appear as available
I am free and open all day
who sent that last message
who texted me via Messenger
who texted me via WhatsApp
Share Gates of Heaven with Aiden
Send Glowga to Lawson
Share Psychedelics and Social Justice with Emery
Share that first event with Molly
Who's going to Brickpalooza?
Do I know anyone going to Feast of San Gennaro?
Are any of my friends going to Los Angeles Interactive Conference 2019?
What is the ingredients for vegetable soup
How,do I make my cookies moist
Whats the best way to cook hot dogs
How long should I bake a pound cake
How long does it take to bake an apple pie
How many carbs in a quarter pound cheeseburger
How much sugar do I use in the french toast
How many slices are in a large pizza pie
What kind of pan do I need for brownies
how long do you cook a 5 pound turkey
What's the protein content of a burger
how much salt is needed for vegetable soup
How do I melt butter
what are the ingredients needed to make crab cakes
How long do I bake lasagna
what temperature is steak cooked at
Temperature to cook ham
what do i need to make green sauce
What is al dente
How many calories are there in 2 cups of Greek yogurt with a cup of fresh blueberries
what is the calories in a scoop of ice cream
What do I put in Texas tacos
ingredients in pizza dough
What should I put in my macaroni and cheese
How do you convert fresh spice in a recipe to dried spice
how long to cook noodles
how long do i cook frozen lasagna
how many calories are in a meatball
how long do you cook pork
how many carbs is in capellini primavera
What temperature should I roast a chicken
What kind of meat is the most tender
how many calories does Chicken adobo have
What temperature do you bake an apple pie on
what ingredients are in shortbread
How long does it take to make lasagna
How many calories in a slice of Key Lime Pie
How hot do I cook pork
What can I make to go with the pork chops tonight
INGREDIENTS IN CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
What kind of fruits are good for pie filling
What temperature should I bake chicken
what temperature is roasted chicken cooked at
How much cholesterol is in turkey
What vegetables do I put in soup
how long should i bake the chocolate chip cookies
what's really in egg rolls
How many pieces to cut into
How long do I need to soak beans for
What type of cheese is on pizza
How long should I cook my pasta
how should I weigh my ingredients for cake
What's in adobo seasoning
How long do you have to cook pork marsala
What should I add to cake mix
How do I cook salmon
Give me the ingredients for sugar cookies
How many calories are in a slice of Apple pie
How much milk to use to make eggs fluffy
How much pork do I need to make baked pork for 5 people
How long do you have to cook sweet potatoes in the oven
What is the nutrition content of a cup of greek yogurt
What is brown sugar made of
How long should I roast a 10 pound turkey for
How do I cook a perfect Steak
How many calories are in a double chocolate cake
Spices in indian food
What can I use to grease a pan?
what temperature do I bake cupcakes at
how many slices in a standard pizza
How many eggs are in a pound cake
What pairs well with lasagna
How long does it take to hard boil eggs
What temeperture should I cook pork chops at?
How long should I cook chicken in a crock pot
How many calories are in a brownie?
How do you make Golden Milk
How do I tell if an egg has gone bad
what do I need to make beef stew
what is the over temperature for a cake
how many carbs are in an ice cream cake
What is the correct cook temperature for well-done steak
What is the ideal temperature to cook pork
WHAT IS THE CALORIE COUNT IN PULLED PORK SANDWICHES
What kind of nuts do i need for baklava
How long do you cook boneless chicken breast in the oven
What are in Kosher hot dogs
How to cook a medium rare steak
List the macros for steamed chicken breast
What should the internal temperature of pork be when finished
How many calories are in the mocha cheescake
What are the calories in a slice of apple pie
How long do you cook salmon
What temperature is beef wellington cooked at
How long should I put creme brulee in broiler
What is the main ingredient in lasagna
Please provide the ingredients for vanilla frosting
what temperature do you cook onion rings
What ingredients do you need to make fresh pancakes
How long should I keep my chicken in the oven
Ingredients in gumbo
how long to cook cake
How long should potatoes go into the oven
how to bake salmon
How long does it take to braise a pork chop
What are the total Carbohydrates in one piece of Naan bread
How many servings in potato salad
How long to cook brisket
what is the best seasoning for quail
How much salt should be added to a chili recipe
How long does Chicken cook for
What's in pho
what ingredients are in the orange chicken
how long do I roast turkey
What should the temperature be for well done meat
How do you grill cabbage
What ingredients do I use to make pound cake
What is in beef broth
how many teaspoons of vanilla in cake
How much butter should I put in this cake
Calories of 2 large eggs
How long should I cook a Mississippi roast for?
How many carbs are in potato chips
What temperature do I cook a pizza at
How many calories in a smoothie
What temperature should hot food be held at
how long to boil for a soft boiled egg
How do I make cake moist
What ingredients do I need for homemade blueberry muffins
Do I need to sift all-purpose flour before using it in a cake
what temperature should i bake a potato
How many eggs should I use to bake a cake
how many carbs in pasta
WHAT ARE THE INGREDIENTS IN BEER DIP
best popcorn toppings
What kind of chocolate is there in a chocolate cake?
What ingredients are in pasta salad
How do I cook a medium rare steak
At what temperature is chicken safe to eat
How long do you bake lasagna
How long should I boil an egg
What are the ingredients in Amy's Indian style casserole
What temperature do we set
What spices do I need for beef stew
what temperature do you cook low carb spaghetti
how long does meatloaf need to cook
How much garlic powder is a clove of garlic
what temp do you  cook steak to
what ingredients are in fried tofu taco
How long do I cook a spaghetti squash for
how many calories are in a slice of cheese pizza
how long do i broil a steak for medium rare
What is the calorie count in fried chicken
how can I tell when ground turkey is done
How long do the coals heat up before you put on the meat
Is Kelly Rolland married?
Thumbs down on current song.
Delete all my existing alarms.
clear out alarms indefinitely
Get rid of all my alarms please.
Cancel this alarm.
Remove all alarms
Cancel tonight's alarms.
Remove all the alarms that have been set.
Delete my existing alarms
Delete my next 3 alarms
Cancel any alarms that I have set
remove all alarms on sundays
change my status to going for Naomi Klein on the Green New Deal
rsvp yes to Demonology 101
respond yes to WomenNow Bay Area
rsvp yes to the second event
set my status as going to Solstice Parade
respond yes to Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues
add that album to my playlist
Add to Pandora
Has Mikey sent me anything on Facebook
Tuesday about 3 PM I got a message from accounting relay that to me
get me messages from wife Ruben
Has co workers chat sent me anything
Has the team chat messaged me in the past few days
Has Wallenby sent me anything via Facebook
Show me texts from Patrick via WhatsApp
get me texts from Cali
let me see my video messages from Brady
show me messages from my granddaughter Malaysia
show me video messages from my uncle Raiden
let me see texts from my grandfather Mateo
Read my messages out loud.
let me see my texts from significant other Tristan
what are messages from grandpa Viviana
read my messages on Facebook
lets see video messages from Eden
Get my video messages from Susan, Tom and Ben
display video messages from my girlfriend Karter
please read me the messages from last week
Show me messages from Bill Murray via Messenger
grab messages from mother Harvey
let me see messages from my spouse
Get my texts from John Peterson, Steve and Leo
Has the close friends chat messaged me in the past few days
get me texts from my grandfather
show me messages from my spouse Hayden
have i received any messages from my kid this year?
Has Gabriel sent me any messages?
Read all unread messages
Get my video messages from Julia Walters and Sparks
What did that message say again?
show me video messages from nana Evie
grab video messages from Leonardo
have i received any messages from my husband 8 October?
let me see my messages from Henry
Did Lynn text me this week?
Show me video messages from Sparks via Messenger
i want to see messages from my sister
Read Anthony's text to me this morning
what are video messages from niece Esteban
Have Archie and Kirk messaged me today
Did John message me on Friday?
Can I retrieve all messages sent to Telina in the last year?
things to do in los angeles this week
Recommend me some events in Buffalo
What concerts are in Omaha
What's going on next Friday
Are there any volleyball matches on Saturday in L.A.
what kind of concerts are happening this weekend in nashville
Things to do in Miami this weekend
Movies at 9PM tonight in the Pittsburgh area
Things to do in Boston tonight
Things to do in Austell, Georgia
Music event this weekend at Kirkland
Any softball matches
Sports events this week in North Lake Tahoe
Is there any tennis match tomorrow night
Events in Charleston
Events in Waco
looking for fun stuff to do tonight around 6pm tonight,
I want to see some more events that are family friendly
I would like you to show me more events
whats going on friday night
something to do
tomorrow's events
whats up in milwaukee next week
Concerts in Fort Collins
Anything to do in Miami
events on Sunday
Festivals in Raleigh next month
Things to do in Greeneville, SC
I want to see some more events that are dog friendly
What is happening in Eugene this weekend
What sports match can I go to in February
List the concerts in San Franscisco for next week
What sporting events are happening in Trenton in the next month
what is happening this week
Things to do in Castro Valley this month
Parties in New York
concerts in boston this month
What is happening tonight in Chicago
Parties going on tomorrow
Things to do in Cincinnati next weekend
Daytona events in December
Do you have some more car shows
What's cool in the Bay Area this month
events in portland please
anything fun happening this month
tell me what sporting events are in Cincinnati next weekend
What concerts are there in Febuary
show me events I RSVPd maybe to
Music events in West Palm Beach this weekend
Are there any lacrosse matches today
what fun events are there in Tampa next weekend
events in NYC
Sports events this week in Atlatna
Is something fun happening this weekend
Comedy shows in Vegas next week
What's going on in Baltimore tonight
calendar of events
What soccer matches are coming up tonight
Any football game coming up
What is the most popular event happening in Chicago
any events in los angeles this coming weekend
what is going on tonight
anything happening in Detroit this week
What baseball games are coming up Friday
What to do in South Texas next week
what is happening in philadelphia tonight
Is there any sports match in May
things to do tonight in downtown Orlando
Are there any lacrosse matches this month
Whats happening in Vegas tonight
anything cool happening in texas
Find me football games in Milwaukee Tuesday
What is fun to do in Syracuse
Things to do In Miami
Things to do in Gresham
What events are happening in Los Angeles today
What's happening in Honolulu this weekend
find me a concert
what is happening in los angeles tonight
Any music shows today
Fun things to do in Cleveland later this month
Things to do in December in Tucson
Music Events in Miami Beach this weekend
what's happening in portland tonight
Can you help me find a last-minute show for tonight
Any special events in Daytona Beach this coming weekend
List car shows happening in Atlanta next weekend
Things to do in Newark tonight
anything to do in nyc on saturday
Any music events for tomorrow
what's planned for this weekend
What't happening tonight
Any food festivals in downtown Portland
What concert line ups are there this month
Concerts in Raleigh this weekend
What are some touristy things to do in NYC this weekend
food festivals in DC in March
any concerts in new york tomorrow
Events today
Any interesting event happening next weekend
What's happening in Atlanta tomorrow night
Is there any tennis game Saturday
Who is on concert this week in Atlanta
Anything to do next week
Are there any events happening on Wednesday in Albuquerque
Theater shows in New York this Monday
I want to see some events that are popular among my friends
What's going in Bridgeport
Events in New York this weekend
At 10 tomorrow night, what are some upcoming events in New Orleans
Things to do in Andover next weekend
Music event in Phoenix for next month
Minneapolis events tonight
Anything cool happening next weekend in Chicago
What events can I attend next week
Any baseball matches
What's happening in Biloxi tonight
Art festivals for 2018
Tell me what basketball games are happening in October
interesting things to do today
what going on in Las vegas tonight
Any good shows in Las Vegas next month
What's going down in Keller tomorrow
Whats going on in NYC sat night
whats there to do tomorrow
Is there a baseball match in June
Anything fun happening in fort worth tonight
What kind of events are there this weekend
Cool stuff to do tonight
what can i do tomorrow
What events are coming to Flint soon
Any softball matches next week
Concerts this weekend
What's happnin'
Anything going down
any comedy shows to go to on saturday
Concerts in NYC
Is there anything going on in Minneapolis next week
New York City broadway shows in March
Events being held this week
Anything happening in Baltimore tomorrow
Do my friends have any events this weekend
What basketball matches are happening
What is happening tonight in Boston at 10PM
Hold my call with Jennifer.
hold this call with Kaitlyn for 10 seconds
When did Joyce graduate from UTC?
When did Patty graduate from Eastern Michigan
When did Robert graduate?
When did Sofia graduate?
When did Ahmed start his primary school?
When will Allison graduate?
Did Scott graduate from Auburn in 2002 or 2003
Wind in my grandniece start University of Detroit
when did sally graduate from pasadena city college?
What's the weather in San Francisco today
I want to know what the weather forecast is
How's the weather the rest of this week?
The weather in Liverpool
what does the weather look like for the next 10 days
Tell me the weather for Monday next week.
What is the temp in Idaho right now?
Share the forecast for this weekend.
are there thunder storms on the forecast this weekend
What is today's temperature?
What will the weather be this Wednesday evening?
How much rain are we supposed to get today?
Weather Ukraine
Give me weather information for Spain
What's the forecast for the tennis at Wimbledon tomorrow
Show me the forecast for new york over halloween.
what is it like outside
Forecast for the July long weekend
What is the forecast for Melbourne?
what is the expected weather in spokane for tuesday evening
Can you tell me the weather in Texas
Temperature here tomorrow morning C
Are we in a burn advisory
Should I bring my sunscreen?
What will the weather be like in Sydney next Tuesday
What's the weather in New Zealand?
what will be the temperature when i leave work tonight
will my sneakers be OK for walking in the snow today
how about that forecast
How warm is it around San Francisco in degree c
How cold is it tonight around Paris degree Celcius
What is the weather next week in Brazil?
is monday to be cloudy
is there rain forecast for tonight
What time will it start raining today?
How big is the hail that is expected
What is the temperature in the house?
Is snow predicted in Boston next week
forecast for Wells next the Sea
Whats the weather like in New Zealand?
I need the weather for Bradford on Avon
Update me on the weather for the next 5 days
will be hot Tuesday
Is the weather going to be any good in Vegas on the 16th?
May I know how the weather looks like in next 2 days
Tell me what weather to expect in New Zealand.
i want to know the forecast for 9am
Show me the weather for next Monday and Tuesday
Will it rain in Westlake today?
when is the winter coming in the city
Will there be a storm soon
forecast
what was the high yesterday
how much precipitation is there today
is it still drought warnings in the area?
is it raining today
do I need to wear a coat later today?
What is the current weather in Los Angeles?
What's the forecast for the next 10 days?
weather forecast for Medlar with Wesham
Tell me the weather for Chicago on Tuesday
What's the temperature high for the day?
What will the weather be on Christmas day
How hot is it this weekend in Manila in degree F
weather forecast please
how much rain did we get
Can shorts be worn this afternoon?
What is the weather looking like for the 15th June?
Will it rain anytime next week
How warm is it in Ocean City
am i going to need a jacket today
Should I wear sunscreen
How warm is it for Dehli tonight degree fahrenheit
let me know the weather for the whole week
What is the average temperature in Hawaii
Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Gran Canaria please
Can I leave my windows open
What is the low temp today
when is tornado season in Florida?
what will the weather be doing in London next weekend?
what will the temperature be in celsius today
How hot does Los Angeles get in September?
How warm is it around Madrid tomorrow in degree Fahrenheit
What is the weather like in Japan right now?
What is the weather forecast in Toronto
Can you tell me a weather update for Charlotte
Is the weather going to be good at the beach
Will I need to bring a jacket?
How's the temperature outside?
Temperature tomorrow morning for Karachi C
What's the forecast for next Monday?
will the storm hit me
Give me the forecast for 6 days time
Is there a lightning delay?
What's the weather forecast for County Kerry?
Show me weather for noon
What is the current wind chill?
Is there fog in the forecast today?
What is the weather going to be like in Austin today
is it raining in Idaho today
at 7 in the evening, what can I expect the weather to be like in Australia
Can you search for the weather on this  labour day ?
Are there any tropical storms right now?
weather in celsius
Is rain in the forecast tomorrow in Denver?
How cold will it be at 5am?
How strong are the winds going to be?
Will I need a winter jacket today?
Is it going to be below 75 in degrees F for New York tomorrow morning
Temperature today Fahrenheit
what's the weather in Denver like today
Can you tell me 7-day-forecast?
What are the chances of a hurricane?
when is it supposed to snow next
Will it be sunny or overcast?
are tornado conditions expected at all today
Is it a good idea to go to the park
Is it going to rain in the next two hours?
Describe the current weather in Essex
How much rain are we getting tonight
Tell me the temperature in celcius
Will it be snowing in Vermont next week?
What does the 3 day forecast look like?
please tell me if it is sunny out
How warm is it outside?
How cold is it this weekend london degrees Celsius
how much did it rain during the flood last week
Will I be okay with my thongs today?
Is it raining in London when I land at 1 p.m. local time?
degrees outside
Temperature houston next week F
What is the 10-day-forecast?
Do I need to bring a jacket today?
Am i going to be in a storm today?
What time will it start raining this morning
How's the Weather in South Yorkshire, England?
remind me of the weather
How hot will heat index be tomorrow
is it below freezing today?
Show me the weather in France
Weather in Texas, please.
When is it supposed to get over 80 this week?
How is the weather in Ireland today?
Should i wear snow boots?
Hey bot what will the weather be like this Sunday evening in Manchester
What is the weather in Edison at 10 am?
How much has it rained in England this past week?
Will it rain today in Osaka?
is it a good idea to wear a jumper today
Should I wear snow boots today?
What will the high be today?
How hot is it boston degree F
How's the weather looking for the Yankees game tonight
when is the peak fall foliage on the east coast
Will it rain next Tuesday?
What is the forecast for Sunday
Is it going to be another hot day today?
tell me about the weather
What is the high temperature in Dallas on Friday?
Is their rain in the forecast this Saturday in Daytona Beach
How windy is it going to be today?
When will it rain again?
What is today's low going to be?
Will it be above 100 fahrenheit tomorrow
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
what's the weather going to be doing at the weekend?
pull up today's weather
tell me what the weather is for this weekend in Tasmania
How heavy is the rain?
will the hurricane hit the suncoast
Tell me the weather in Milwaukee
Temperature around Shanghai this weekend Fahrenheit
are storms in the forecast for this afternoon
Pull up the weather report.
What is the weather in Fort Wayne this weekend
Are there any tornado watches or warnings in the Dyersburg area right now?
Who has information on weather for 7pm?
Is there anticipated rain tonight?
Tell me the weather forecast of Kelowna ?
When is rain in the forecast
Weather forecast for Brisbane please.
Going to a baseball game on Saturday - what's the weather that day?
Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Is it around 67 in C near Shanghai tonight
how humid is it this week?
What is the weather like
How's the weather in Egypt?
How is the weather in Daugavpils
should I wear rain boots
Is it raining in Portland, Oregon?
give me the weather for aruba for the next month
Hey, please illustrate tomorrows weather forecast.
Is it supposed to get windy today?
Will it snow this Sunday
When is the next severe weather outbreak anticipated?
What are the forecast conditions in Mexico?
Weather for July 1-7 inclusive
Can I know the weather in Highlands  of Scotland today?
What it the temperature this afternoon?
Could you please give weather information for Italy
Will it rain this weekend.
what is the weather in Menlo Park at 10am?
What's the weather outlook for the rest of this week?
is a vest recommended
when will it warm up
should I wear a rain coat today
How cold is it up in Big Bear next weekend?
When will the humidity go down?
What is the visibility like outside?
Is it raining right now in Florida?
How much rain does Arizona get in a year?
What's it like in Fiji?
whats the weather like tonight
What temperature is it outside?
what is the local weather
what's the weather like right now
Is this cold temperature hold through evening?
is it cloudy outside?
how hot is it outside?
What's the weather forecast for 3pm on Monday the 1st in Dubai?
Sunny on Thursday?
Is it picnic weather?
Will it be sunny?
What is the weather going to be at 5pm on New York City?
Is there heavy smog today
10 day forecast Arizona
Temperature today C
What is the weather in Houston Texas currently
what is the forecast in germany
Is it above 90 in degree Celsius this weekend
is it going to storm tomorrow
Do I need a jacket?
how hot will it be today
weather for Henley on Thames
What is the high temperature for Saturday?
Should I pack my gloves this weekend?
What is the weather forecast for August 18th?
do i need to bring boots along today
How hot is it in south Africa today?
I wonder if it is going to rain today?
Are there any flood warnings
What is the weather in Maine?
Are storms moving in
Is it sweater weather outside?
Whats the temperature in new york city?
What will the weather be next Monday.
How cold is it in Vermont
is there rain in the forecast this week
Is it storming in Brisbane?
what is the weather forecast for south florida?
HOW HOT WILL IT BE IN HEMET CALIFORNIA THIS WEEKEND
do i need sun protection today?
What is the weather for Long Beach tomorrow morning 0800 hours?
how humid is it outside
What's the temperature in Miami
Will it be above 59 in degree Celsius in Dehli tomorrow morning
What is the weather like in Hong Kong?
I want the weather for Buckinghamshire please.
How much snow is predicted?
Fiji, what is the weather
Show me the weather in Perth, Scotland
Is it going to rain in Fort Lauderdale on Sunday
How far away is the nearest thunderstorm?
Temperature tonight for Houston c
What is the highest temperature this week?
Did the weather today break any records
Will it rain in Las Vegas. NV next week?
What is the forecast for Saturday?
Tell me the weather for Berlin, Germany
Will it rain in Orange Beach next week?
Should i take a jacket to Las Vegas?
What was today's high temperature?
How many inches of snow is Chicago getting on Wednesday
Is it hot in Miami Florida right now?
how much snowfall was there yesterday
Will I need a coat for shopping?
Let me know what the weather will be like in Mexico.
Please tell me the weather for Australia
will the weather be nice to wear shorts?
I need the weather prediction for Townsville, on Saturday, at 6:00pm.
what is the weather in singapore?
Do I bring a umbrella with me today?
Morning forecast?
should I wear a rain coat today?
Weather for current location
is there a hurricane in hawaii
What is the lowest tempature for Saturday going to be?
Is there any typhoon hitting Taiwan next week?
should i use a jacket tonight?
Weather for Tuesday night please
What's the weather forecast for Queensland?
what's this week's weather forecast?
will there be rain tomorrow
What is the temperature going to be early tomorrow
What is the weather like in Portland right now?
What's the weather in the York Region
what's the forecast?
What's the weekend weather forecast for California?
how many inches of rain
can you explain to me what the weather is like in Rhode Island?
What is it like today in Maui?
Give me the weather details for Faro today.
Is it going to be below 1 degrees c out there today
what is the humidity level today?
Temperature london Celsius
What time is is supposed to start snowing
Can I wear sandals today
What is the weather in County Limerick right now
What is the weather in St. Augustine?
do i need a jacket today?
Is it cloudy
how often does it rain in wisconsin
Temperature inside today fahrenheit
how much snow is expected?
How warm is it in Pottstown, PA today
Baltimore weather projections for September
When will it snow
What is the weather for Tuesday afternoon?
is rain in the forecast?
Send me weather for London.
do I need an umbrella
Are there any nearby tornado warnings?
Please tell me the weather on Easter Sunday in Paris
Extend alarm by 20 minutes
modify my alarm for tomorrow to 8am
repeat alarm monday through friday only
Update my alarm at 11 a.m.
Change my entire alarm list
Add 5 minutes to the alarm.
Change the wakeup alarm to 6:30
Edit my next alarm to 7pm
Update my alarm to 7am
Can you please repeat this song again?
please repeat song
START THIS SONG OVER PLEASE
Replay this song after it finishes
I want to hear that song again.
love that song, repeat it
Play this song again
Can you put the current track on repeat
start this track over
Repeat Back Together by Robin Thicke
what time is the school concert
What time is the parade tomorrow in Austin
what time does today's concert begin
Call Key.
get me my nephew Kortney Houghland
Let's make a phone call with Design Code group on Line
call Horace Tyler
call Lennon in Whatsapp video chat
Call my cousins
call Daniel number two
dial Matthew right away
call Gonzales and Chavez
call Lorelei Weyers facetime
call the third Emma
call Daniella Hartman right away
call Whatsapp Selah
Start up a video call Kaleb Crane and Orlando Haney
make a conference call between me, shelly and ronald
call Steve number one
call detective
make a call to Ian's girlfriend Joseph Best
call Theresa
giving Jackson Sherman a call
call Brad
call Dennis two
call Miss Ruben Segouia 's spouse
Please call Bradley and Gianna
i want to call Laura Ray Donaldson
start family group call
call Gracelyn 's cousin
call Mia, Kyra, Alan and Noe on Hangouts
call Javier Ponce whatsapp video
Place a call Personal Finance
Can you call John Miller House
Please Call Grandma.
Initiate a call with drama nerds
Messenger call to Jade Nelson
could you call the friend of Catherine
call my Whatsapp contact Finn Crawford
Call Nehemiah Trevor Peck now
I want to phone Susan
Call my grandpa at work
i'd like to touch base with Deandre Fletcher
start a call with Jane using WhatsApp
whatsapp video call Lucy Hoffman
can you dial Leila on Messenger
Begin video call with Lucy, Benji, Jose, and Ben on Messenger
Start call with sara please
call Stephanie from my Whatsapp contacts
call my Prayer group
call Cody Gill on Messenger
call Adrian and Jayla Clarke
Create video call for me Reagan, Charles, and Alina
video call dad and jill
Ring Russ
give the uncle of Iker Khan a call
call Moises my grandfather
I want to call Mary.
Phone Sana.
Give my mom a ring
I want to group call all the friend.
call Zander Reyes with Messenger please
Call Nick Joe Austin
please call Richardson right away
Begin video call with my spouse Bryan, my spouse Tiara, my girlfriend Bridget, and my dad Wesley on Discord
call Terry Murray
dial uncle
call Leonardo my father
initiate call to sam
call Peyton Castaneda
call Jocelyn Mills in my Whatsapp contacts
call Vena Deangelo Vranicar 's sibling
Make a call with my work friends group on Hangouts
make a call to 3895555049
call Nicole and Sebastian
Call my nieces
Call CC Ball for me
on whatsapp call Mackenzie
Can you call Cade
Place a call with musicians
call sister in law on speaker phone
wanna make a call to Brandon Saint
I want John in call now
make call to gerry
let's call Catalina through WhatsApp
i want to call Patricia Anderson Wilson
Call Paul Wood
talk to Griffin Paul via WhatsApp
Initiate a video call with ping pong club
Can you call to Los Angeles group
call Cassidy 's daughter
call to 5550937  on Messenger
dial Audrey Banks, Francis Christensen, Shannon Vaughn, and Dorian Rhodes
call Sueann Chestand 's mom
I want to call Savion through WhatsApp
Start an video call with Visual Arts
phone Emilia Morse
WhatsApp call to Reid Riddle
i want to call 847-555-2737  using my Pixel
video call jenn now please
call Dallas Curtis with Skype
Family group call please
I'd like to call Sawyer Autumn Lowery
give Alexa Delgado's friend a call
Call A Gates for me
ring up nephew
Please dial up Cindy, Jaime, and Destinee
Call Dad
phone James's husband
could you call Evelyn Glenn's dad Peyton
call Laura number two
call general practitioner
call Mackenzie's grandfather
make a whatsapp call to Scarlet
I want you to call Emma
start a Skype call with Richard
i want to start a group call with family
WhatsApp call to Karen
call Kenneth WhatsApp
call Lincoln Hines's cell on whatsapp
call Brynn Gianopulos 's brother
Start a call with Rob
Call Miriam Anastasia Randall for me
I want to do a video call with my sibling
call Aubrie number four
call Lydia with WhatsApp please
Start call to Mom
call Camron number four
call Norberto Vancise 's sister
ring my bros
Give Nick a call
call Mark instead
WhatsApp call to Leonel Frederick
call Hughes right away
Please phone daughter
get me my mom Isabelle Peverini
call Skylar 's sibling
start a video call with anne
start a call with Mark Meyers's papa
i want to call Christopher Clark Archer
whatsapp call Adan's cell
Call my sister
Call Philip for me
i want to call Amy R Woodward
Contact Peter by phone
can you call 555-5248
Could you connect me to Magic: The Gathering on Slack please
call on whatsapp Kasen
call 555-7775 on WhatsApp
call Whatsapp Kendall Holden
call Elliot
call Serena A
call Oneill and Cherry
i want to call bob
call Arturo Berry instead
call my Whatsapp contact Fatima
Organize a group call
try calling Ng Angelica
Can you call Keegan Xavier Andersen
get me Blake
call Eden 's son
Call John and tell him I can't make it.
Make a call to Steve
start call to family
give Ahmed a call
call Melissa David Alvarez
Would you please call my boss
video call Austin Angelica
call papa
call Jeffrey Johnson Beltran
call my Whatsapp contact Jazmin
Give aunty a call
please dial Morgan Morgan right away
call Fiona 's partner
Call grandmothers
Please call Ace at the grocery store
dial 5558156 on Messenger  using my phone
can you please use WhatsApp to call Elise Bernard
I'd like to call with my cousins Alberto, Claire, Kiera, and Lukas on Messenger
call Nataly three
video call Tyrell, Gabriela, Alissa, and Johanna on Messenger
I'd like to call with my cousins Javon, Sandra, Marshall, and Jace on Discord
can you please call Brynlee on Messenger
Initiate a call with First Time Home Buyers
connect call to susan
Can we do an call with the Wine Lovers group on Wechat
please call 5551575
phone Milo Jenkins's nana
WhatsApp call Mireya Marquez
can you call Isla using Messenger
Call Polly
start a video call with John
call my grandma Melissa through WhatsApp
give Brooks's grandfather Daniela Cummings a call
Start a video call to Jamie
start a call with Rafael Davidson, Ricardo Cain, Adam Alford and Tania on Whatsapp
please dial Caden Carter right away
call my sibling on WhatsApp
call Floria Valiente 's grandfather
call Randall Strumpf 's cousin
whatsapp call Layla's cell
call Randy
whatsapp video call Royal
I need to start a call to Jim
call my papa through whatsapp
call playwright
call Joseph one
Start a call Spoken Word
call Alissa number three
make call to wife group
call Michael and Michelle
I'd like to call with my cousins Britney, John, Jacob, and Michaela on Whatsapp
Can you call Larry Powell Sweeney
call my Whatsapp contact friend
call Amaya on video with Whatsapp
on whatsapp call Hayden Gardner
Make a call with my Community group on Hangouts
i need to call joe
call Jordyn Golden call Carter Pope using Whatsapp
start calling mom
give the grandpa of Mason a call
call Talia 's auntie
please speaker call stepdads
call Jane 's sibling
I'd like to call Benjamin Jude Mcintosh
call Sofia 's cousin
call self
start a call with Jesus Leonard's grandma Jeremiah
call Thea Thurmond 's grandfather
Initiate a call with Brandon, Bailey, and Blake on Line
I'd like to call James Oconnor Silva
Can you call Stacey
I want to call with Jaquan Baxter and Carolyn Aguilar on Wechat
go ahead and call Song Mital
can you call Mark Meyers on WhatsApp
call Dahlia 's nephew
call Destiny Mcconnell from my Whatsapp contacts
make a whatsapp call to Amira
tell me what time dusk is thursday in bremerton
What time is the sunset
when is sunset
When is ninth sunset
What side of town does my exboyfriend Sam currently live on?
Does Sam Perez live in Fort Worth?
does hanna still live in charleston
does Chris live in Cleveland
Where does Will live?
Does Liam live in brandon park
What is Jo Nelle's work address?
Where is Meghan Markle from?
where in Washington does Luke live
Where's Planet Home at?
Is George residing in Minot?
Is Carol's address in the 32118 zip code area?
Where am I right now
Where is Akira Kurosawa from?
What is Alan's address?
emily do you live in PA
Where does Marina live?
what address do margaret  live at
Whats the location of Scott's work?
Tell me Billy's address
Where did Al Pacino grow up?
What's the address of my work?
Where does my ex wife live?
what's jeff's address
Does George has a work address?
where does Anne live
Tell me Mary's current address
Where did mom work?
Is Brad at Golds Gym now?
Where Dany currently live now?
What's the address of Mike's current employer?
What is Hannah's hometown?
Where does my uncle work?
Where does Andy live?
Where does Jayson live?
Where does Michael live?
not going to Paws to Party
change my status to not going for Dia de los Muertos
set my status as not going for the third event
respond no to Oktoberfest
not going to Po' Boy Pop-Up
RSVP no to this event
change my status to not going for Sleeping Beauty Dreams
RSVP no to Planet Home
Delete the birthday party reminder because it has been cancelled.
cancel my date reminder
delete the reminder for my hair appointment
Delete my reminder for canvassing on Tuesday.
Delete my reminder for Natalie's wedding
cancel reminder to buy eggs
Delete reminder.
Delete the reminder to meet Eli for dinner on Thursday.
cancel all reminders pertaining to the wedding
cancel reminder to call mom
finished my reminder please delete
Delete the reminder about my doctor appointment.
Remove the reminder to reset the clock.
Delete the reminder for Lily's gymnastic class.
Delete all the reminders set for the Book Fair group next week now.
Remove work reminders.
Cancel my reminder to buy toilet paper.
Delete my reminder to call Mom on Saturday morning.
delete all future reminders about swim class
can you delete the alert for my dentist appointment tomorrow
Take  away the reminders about music classes.
Cancel my next reminder.
delete my reminder about autie lisa's birthday
Remove reminder to email my son's school.
delete my reminder to go grocery shopping tomorrow
Delete the reminder to pick up flowers next week.
Remove reminder for my television appearance this Friday at 6pm.
Delete the reminder to call Collin
Cancel the alert for lunch this Sunday
Delete the reminder to have a meeting about my friends bridal shower tomorrow.
Delete my meeting reminder today
Cancel the reminder to do 50 sit-ups today.
Cancel all of Fridays reminders.
delete all wedding reminders from jenna
delete the reminder to practice my handstands
Get rid of the reminder to pick up my package, they already sent it to my door
Can you remove all reminders for the rest of the day
Cancel my reminder about the conference
Delete the reminder to get my nails done today.
turn off my reminder to buy orange juice
delete all reminders.
Erase the reminder I had to lunch on Sunday with Susie
Delete all my dinner plans reminders  set up for the next two weeks between the hours of 5 and 10pm
Delete reminder to return library books.
Delete the reminder to pick up the kids tomorrow.
Delete the reminder to make plan reservations for Christmas.
The doctor canceled. Remove the reminder for Doctor appointment.
Remove reminder for my 6pm dinner date with Grace on Saturday.
Delete reminders for this week from Friday through Sunday, please.
Clear all my reminders
clear all of my reminders
Delete the reminder for the driving license renewal
Remove the reminder to buy flowers for Jeremy's birthday on Friday.
Cancel my reminder to purchase kids Science Center passes.
cancel reminder for carpet cleaner appt on tues
Delete the reminder about Thanksgiving at gary's house
Please remove picking up present from my to do list next week
Cancel my Tuesday reminder.
Delete the reminder to set an alarm for 8:00 AM.
Delete the reminder for my flight to Paris on Saturday
I need to delete the reminder I set for going to California in the month of May.
Cancel all of my reminders for tomorrow.
no more reminders about checking in on the food cooking
Get rid of the reminder that I have a doctor appointment in October.
delete my reminder to take my medicine
Cancel reminder for visit to school
cancel the reminder for the play on aug 23rd
Delete all reminders i have set February-july
delete all reminders from last month
Delete the reminder for dinner tomorrow.
Remove the reminder I had for Phils birthday this month
Delete all reminders for next Tuesday.
Delete the appointment alert for my spa massage.
cancel my reminder to take the dog for a walk
I need another minute set please
Set baking timer for 45 minutes
set the timer for 20 mins
set a timer for 15 minutes and start now
set timer for 5 hours
set a timer for 55 minutes
Add new timer for 30 seconds.
set a timer for 11 minutes
Set timer for an hour
MY DAUGHTER HAS TO EAT AGAIN IN 4 HOURS, PLEASE SET A TIMER
Set timer to go off at dawn
Will you please put the timer setter for 10 minutes
make a Thaw turkey timer
Set the timer for 5 minutes
time me for the next 20 minutes
Set a timer for a minute and a half
create a timer for 10 min
Start a timer for 10 minutes
Set a timer for two hours
Set a dinner timer for 6:30 pm
Have timer go off in 4 minutes
create one timer for 15 seconds and another for 9 minutes and another for 40 seconds
can you set a timer for me
Set a timer to check my food in 7 minutes
Can you set a timer that will go off in exactly one hour?
Start a timer for 30 minutes beginning at 7 a.m. tomorrow.
set a timer for instruments
Start timer at 6pm
set a timer for 2029
Start the timer in one hour.
The turkey is cooking set the timer for 3 hours
set the cello timer for 15 minutes
let me know when 30 minutes have passed
Set twenty minute timer
Set the timer for 35 minutes
start a timer for my run at 10 am
Set sleep timer
Set the timer for 8 minutes.
set time out timer for 15 minutes
create an Egg timer for 22 minutes
set a timer for 50 minutes
Set timer, please.
Start timer for 5 minutes
create a pushups timer
set an Inhaler timer
timer is to run for 8 minutes
need timer set for twelve minutes
SET TIMER TO 1 MINUTE.
Set the timer for 30 minutes?
turn on the timer in two minutes
can you set up a timer
can you set a timer named software update
start timer please
create one timer for 10 minutes and another for seven seconds and another for 10 minutes
fix a timer right now
put up a timer for 19 minutes and a second for two and three quarters hours
Start a new timer
Turn on timer for running workout
set another timer for 40 minutes
set the timer for cleaning the self-cleaning oven
put up a timer for one hour and one for 60 seconds
set a 30-minute workout timer
set timer for 3 hours
start stopwatch again
I'm cooking and need a time for 45 minutes
set the timer for two minutes
I need a timer to go off in 20 minutes
Set a timer for 15 minutes for the dryer.
Give me a timer running for 15 minutes.
Set a timer for 30 minutes for the cake
make one timer for twelve minutes and another for 10 seconds and another for 60 seconds
Set timer for 22 minutes.
Start timer for my 30 mins training session
Set timer for 60 minutes.
start a 1 minute timer and repeat it 10 times in a row
Set timer for 27 minutes
please begin two timers for me
Create a timer for ten minutes
How do I set a timer for 9 minutes?
Set another timer for 10 minutes
Set a new timer for 10 minutes.
Start a 22 minute timer and call it pizza
add a ten minute timer
set a homework timer of 45 minutes
Switch my voice call to video call
Change the call to video.
set this call as video only
video calling on
change the call to video call
turn off video call
Switch to audio only
Switch the call from voice to a video call
Is Donna a CPA?
Ban this track.
Don't play any songs with parental advisories
remove song to my playlist
don't play songs by justin bieber
Who do I know that lives in New York City?
Who graduated from Berkely?
Put my friends upcoming birthdays on the screen
Tell me who works at Cheesecake Factory?
I wanna please show the friends on the screen
Who is Mark's friend Henry
List Luisa D. Kauk cousins upcoming birthdays
Do I know anyone who went to Michigan state
Whose birthday is coming up?
Do I know anyone who graduated from NIU?
Tell me  who works at the DMV
did anyone go to Pitt
Who has a birthday on May 5th, 1941?
who lives in atlantic city
I am trying to find out who Jerry is
Were any of Alessandra U Uncles born tomorrow?
show friends of Juan
who graduated from michigan
Interrogate friend list of Melanie for contacts.
Did any of my friends go to A&M?
Who went to Boston University?
Who do I know lives in Rome?
do i know people who work at npl
Who do i know that graduated from Piper
tell me who is friends with cole
Find me Bill's contacts.
Which of Sharilyn U Neeley moms have birthdays coming up
Do any of my friends live in Milwaukee?
who are friends of maged?
Pull up Tiffaney Perona grand daughters birthdays on the screen
Who is working currently for Disney World?
Did any of my friends go to UTD?
Show dominick grand children birthdays to me
Do I have any friends in Tacoma?
Friends who went to Tufts.
Did any of my friends go to Texas Wesleyan?
who graduated from usc
Do I know anyone who went to WSU
Do I know anyone who works at Concord Mills?
Do any of my friends live in Phoenix Arizona
Do I know anyone who works at Google?
Did any of my friends attend Baylor?
Tell me any friends living in Atlanta.
show me Ben Harper's mom
do I have any friends in Mexico?
Who graduated from Indiana University?
Nate's friends
I need to know the friends of George
How many birthdays are in August?
Do any of my friends live in Anchorage?
Who is a friend of Tina?
Put Bernardina Mcglothlen boys upcoming birthday on the screen
Do I know people who live in Australia?
Do I know anyone in Tennessee?
Tell me Caris mommies birthdays
carl girlfriend encid
Tell me who lives in Florida.
Is anybody I know working at Arby's?
Who are my friends?
Who lives in Chicago
Were any of Astrid Arrick homies born in May?
Who do I know that lives in Fort Myers Beach?
display my friend page please
My friends
who is Peter Gabriel's best friend?
tell me who works at Arlington Toyota
friends of Michael
Which of my friends graduated from CC?
Did any of my family go to Princeton?
is anybody from my friend list is from Canada?
People who went to University of Nebraska.
Show me Isabella's sister
How many birthdays are on the 29th?
Who went to Appalachain?
Which friends went to medical school?
Pull up Logan O friends birthdays on the screen
Do I know anyone that is a psychologist?
Do I know anyone who went to U of Miami
Were any of Kallie sisters in law born on January 9th, 2008?
Did my family went to UEL?
Who do Sherman Logan know that was born in January?
list contacts that work at McDonalds
Did any of my family graduate from OSU?
who are my friends that work at adobe
Who is the most decorated Olympic athlete?
Friends of Emily
Who works at SpaceX?
Who are Xander's friends?
Did any of my cousins go to University of Chicago?
Who graduated from California college, Pennsylvania
I want to see Eleanore Baxtor kiddoes upcoming birthdays
Tell me Miquel Kressler stepfathers birthdays
which friends live in new england?
Who graduated from NYU?
all James friends
How many friends do I have in medical school
Show all Tennon nana upcoming birthdays
Show lindsay parents birthdays to me
list me my friends who teach at CSU
who works at the counter
Can you check on linkedin who works at Apple?
Tell me who works at expressions
Show me family members who have birthdays this month.
What was miles Davis' father's name?
Find out who works at the family table restaurant.
Who is from New York
Does George Clonney have any children?
Do I know anyone from New York?
Do any of my friends live in Kansas City?
How many of my friends graduated from UWP?
How many birthdays are on November 7th?
Show me Dr. Danison homies birthdays
family member still live in calfornia
My mother's friends.
Who lives in egypt ?
Which of Angermeier mama were born on on May 8th, 1947
Who works at Starbucks?
List all Whitehorse fathers-in-law birthdays
search for Sade Brooks' grandpa
How many birthdays are on the 21st?
Tell me friends who work for Google.
Does anybody from my family live in Oklahoma City?
What are Cromuel daughters-in-law birthdays coming up?
Did John call me today?
bring up some of my past calls with riley please
show me successful calls from jaime from today
Do I have missed calls?
Is there any call from Eva?
anyone call?
Some missed video chats here
Which calls did I miss yesterday?
Do I have a missed call from my sister
display my call history from today please
delete station
Tell me about April
Tell me about what Jeremy likes.
Jerry sounds interesting, who is he?
List of Taylor Swift albums
Who is Taylor Swift?
i want to know more about ryan
Tell me about George's best friend, Sam.
Who is Li's friend Rachel?
What can you tell me about Jen
Who is Jesse?
Tell me about Linda.
what all do you know about Sam?
I'd love to know more about Andrew.
Does Will like coffee?
What can you tell me about Sams dad Ben?
What information can you give me about Emily?
Can you talk to me about Sophia?
Tell me who Debra is
Can you tell me anything about Bob?
who is leah
Tell me who Shawn is.
cancel all my timers
delete the timer in an hour
Delete my cooking timer.
delete that last timer and tell me what is still running
Get rid of my potatoes timer
Delete the next 3 timers
Cancel my timer.
Remove the timer
end timer
can you drop the timer
delete running timer
cancel the egg timer
Stop texting
What is the best way to cook fish
Whats a good recipe for keto diet dishes
Kielbasa recipe with turkey sausage.
How do I make Lasagna
Find me the best cheesecake recipe
show me recipes with lemon grass
how do I make homemade ice cream
Find me recipes for pork loin
Find the best recipe for ribs
How do you make sushi at home
Most popular pork recipes
How to make baby food
Recipes for leftover brisket
i need a recipe for baked ziti
Recipe for chicken tacos
What is the best mashed potato recipe
summer recipes for grilling
how do I make noodles
how do I make French toast
Recipe for chocolate chip cookies
Tell me how to make gooey brownies
How do I make candied yams
Find me a popular Greek recipe
chocolate chip muffin recipe
How to make chicken curry
BREAKFAST RECIPES
lamb stew recipes please
i want to make poached eggs
Find me a recipe for gazpacho
recipes to spruce up ramen noodles
Recipe with cilantro in it
How do you cook chicken marsala
dips for parties
how to make street tacos
Easy casserole recipes
find me some japanese recipe
Easy pasta recipes
How do I make Shrimp Scampi
tuna salad recipe
i need a recipe for spaghetti
How do I make homemade chicken fried rice
Find me a chicken taco recipe
best chicken enchilada recipe
I want to make Baked Alaska
I need a pie recipe for apples
What are some no-bake dessert ideas
How to cook a ham
Locate some recipes for tomato soup
Show me recipes for vegan pizzas.
Easy meals with less than 6 recipes
how do you make quiche?
Find recipe for chicken noodle soup
Find me a recipe for chicken tetrazzini, please
find me a dairy free cake recipe
i have chicken and herbs, what can i make for dinner
Give me some chicken recipes
How to make BBQ ribs
What is the recipe for chicken parm
find a cookie bar recipe that has coconut oil in it
I need a great vegan side dish
How do I make an angel food cake
look for a crock pot recipe with pork
What should I bake today
Find me a dairy free dessert recipe
how to bake a dome shaped cake
flatbread pizza recipes
Dinner recipes under 500 calories per serving
how do you cook fried rice
How do you make a crepe
Find me a recipe with ground turkey
find gluten free pretzles
How do you cook a supreme pizza
How to make cajun style bread pudding
Show me different fish recipes
Find three ingredient recipes
Find a recipe for sweet potato tacos
How do I make home-made Naan bread
How can I make pizza crust at home
what is a good recipe for meatloaf
how do you make vegan pancakes
Give me a easy recipe
I need a chicken parmesan recipe
how to i make twice baked potatoes
How do I make my own yogurt
how do I make chili
can you tell me how to make cream cheese wontons
Tell me how to cook spaghetti
Take me to paleo recipes
What type of event is C-ID Night Market?
What kind of event is Paws to Party?
What kind of event is Grilled Cheese Grand Prix?
change my status to offline
I'm unavailable now
Status: unavailable
currently unavailable
Inaccessible
Set myself as unavailable temporarily for mom
I am currently unavailable
Set availability as unavailable
turn phone on do not disturb
set to user busy
set as not around
set my availability to offline
Not available right now
show me unavailable
i'm really busy right now
set my status to leave a message
I'd like to set whatsapp as my default calling app
does almond milk contain sodium
Does chicken pad thai have peanuts in it
can I bake bread in an instant pot
Can I make bread without yeast
Are there onions in goulash
Should I add sugar to tomato sauce
Does lasagna have ricotta in it
I wheat flour ok to use in cake
Do I have to sear the meat first
Can I hard boil an egg in the microwave
Can you put glass dishes in the oven
are mozzarella sticks supposed to be at 400 degrees
Is there gluten in miso soup
Is baking soda and baking powder the same thing
Are measurements for dry and wet ingredients the same
Can I make ravioli from scratch
is there dairy in salad dressing
Create new radio station
Make me a playlist with music similar to Thundercat.
create a playlist: Channel X
Start a country station for me
How do I change my reminders for ballet practice?
end and switch calls please
disconnect and answer other line
shift from this call to new call
Leave and switch this call
hold and answer new call
leave call and go to new call
Switch to the incoming call from my stepchildren
Switch to new incoming call
end and swap to new call
Did Lisa finish her degree at the University of Alabama
What college did Michelle attend in 2006?
Resume the song
What year did Carol get promoted to manager?
when did boss ring me
What time did Amy try calling me today?
When did Mum ring me?
When exactly did I make the call to mom last night and at what time?
What time did Dad call me?
What time did Mum call me?
What was the time of the call from my wife
Update timer 1 for 30 more seconds
change the 10 timer to a 15
delete a minute
change timer to thirty minutes
Change current timer to 6:00 am
I need this timer to be 5 instead of 10 minutes
update all timers
adjust timer to 20 minutes
Load my timer.
please change my Walk dog timer
okay don't pick up
Ignore this incoming call
Don't pick up
Please reject the incoming call
ignore all incoming calls
Ignore calls from newspaper office.
Not right now
Send mom to voicemal
decline the call coming in
Ignore calls from my nieces Ria
What time will the sunrise Friday
when is dawn tomorrow
what time is the dawn on saturday
take this call right now
Answer Mary's call
Please answer the call from Susan.
i want the video call answered
Answer the call from Bryce
answer the call from my grandsons
pleaser answer the video call from john
Pick up calls from ticket agency.
could you get this call for me
PLEASE GIVE ME THE WORLD NEWS.
show me top music news
News update, please
top stories about new york city
Give me the details on that man shot in the head on Facebook live
What are the hottest European news today
Please read details of Usher's lawsuit.
what is the news in london today
Read Fox News headlines
News on food
top stories fox news
Tell me the top stories on CNN
news on isis
Has there been any recent news about Barack Obama?
any new headlines
Find recent stories about Zeke Elliot
Show me all headlines about New England sports
what is on the news in finland
Commentary from local news on todays ravens game
please read the details about taylor swift court trial
I need most recent news update
Give me news of the day.
I need a news update
Is there any news of the fire in my neighborhood?
Give me the news from The New York Times
Read the most recent celebrity news headline about Taylor Swift
What are the headlines for the New York Times?
give me a news update on crime in jersey city
What are sky news top stories?
give me a update on china's news
Tell me about the latest news in science
Any news on construction in White House?
What is the latest news on the white supremacist protest
recent headlines on the New York Times please
any news about obama
any exciting news today
Please read Roanoke news headlines.
News Headlines
Find me news from New York City
Can you read me the latest updates on the article
read the recent news headlines for CT
Any big news headlines today?
any big financial news
Top news of 2017
details on the North Korea and Trump situation
read news from crime tracker 10
What are the top stories in economy today
what is the major headline for my area
what is breaking news on cnn
I want to see information about recent developments in Africa
any updates on the news
What is the current breaking news story about
Show me top pictures from todays headlines
Read me all the news stories on Kanye West recently
Current news on the Mets
Latest celebrity news
Update me on the breaking news
What are the top stories on Fox News>
what's the good news
What's the latest news from NASA
What is happening in the news today?
general news today
WHAT ARE THE TOP LOCAL NEWS STORIES
What is the headline for NBC News?
News about the protests in Virginia
What are the news highlights from this weekend?
Show me the news from The Guardian
What is the current news in Washington DC
what are the latest headlines?
Please give me the latest news update.
Give me newest story on NBC
latest north korea news
Any recent news about local store closures?
news on obamacare repeal
Are there any hurricanes in the news
What are the sports headlines from Yahoo ?
what is the latest in U.S. news
Please read me the latest breaking news.
whats he latest local news?
U.S. Headline news
What is the latest news on Kevin Durant apology to India
what are the details about the fire
top local news please
read me the details about Trump rolling out a probe into China
Any news about Texas seceding from the union
News happening in Washington DC?
anything interesting in the news today?
what is the current news in washington?
What is the latest news in Syria?
what's cnn's top story
tell me about today's local news
give new details of political scandal
latest news on the election please
read me yesterday's headlines
Read me the top trending news stories
what is the latest white house news
today's breaking news
Please read me recent CNN headlines
London headlines please
Please read the news headlines
is there anything important for the today's news
Read me today's breaking news
tell me the breaking news
Read the current news headlines please
News right now
tell me recent headlines on a trustworthy news outlet
cnn live
Read details about recent terrorist activity
Any travel delay news today?
Please read the details about Beyonce's newborn babies.
Give me news updates for Fort Lauderdale
what is the latest news on the north korea missel crisis
can you tell me the most recent news stories
Middle Eastern news update headlines
What are todays news headlines
read me the recent news headlines now
What is the latest local news
can you show local paper news
news about derek jeters wedding
Bot play the news related to the storm hit NYC
check current news
National news headlines
tell me the the entertainment headlines
are there any big stories today
what are the headlines in ohio news?
pull up recently viewed stories
recent local headlines
Give me an article about North Korea
Sports news on ESPN from last night
Find me the local weather news
who was todays top news headline
Find news about Angelina Jolie divorce
most recent headlines
Read top headlines
Is Ivanka trump in the news today
What is trending in international news?
What is the top news from The New York times?
whats the local news
What is the local news for Boston
are there any more articles about this
Let me know yesterdays news headlines
Any recent news in Virginia
please read the news headlines on fox news
What is the most recent news regarding local politics
Read me the latest sports news for the Cardinals.
Read the news about the lawsuit against Rick Scott.
please tell me more about  news trump issue new warning north korea
Give news from yesterday in Japan.
Any special reports on human trafficking
what's on nbc nightly news?
news headlines from last week
News about Texas
What is the latest news about OJ Simpson's parole hearing?
Tell me all recent political news.
Tell me some new headlines
what are the top news stories of the day
Give me Fox news headlines
I would like a news up date
Donald trump news please
Please tell me headlines
What are some recent news updates?
most recent news
are there more details about the russia investigation
can you read me the latest news?
What is the main news headline this evening
national headlines
are there any new headlines on cnn
latest news from washington times please
What is trending in local news this morning?
Is there any news about the housing market today?
trending news
what is the story behind the Power leak
what is the local news in port st lucie
Show me what the news is from NPR
What are some trending news topics right now?
Please read and news headlines
Latest news about Donald Trump
What are the news headlines from Politico
Anything new on the news today?
What is the latest news about racism
latest football news
give me a news update of our locality
Will CNN be bringing us breaking news updates?
what is the local news?
Give me the good news only!
What's the lead story in the Citizen-Times today?
What is the trending news in Auburn, AL?
Any new news on the murder trial?
Read the details on the Usher scandal?
Do any stories mention Franklin Village
Give me news update in Philadelphia area
What are today's local headlines?
What's the recent scoop on Kim K?
does my local news have any stories about back to school right now.
WHAT IS GOING ON IN CELEBRITY NEWS?
What are the headlines of the Philadelphia Inquirer today?
any current news on north korea
Any news bulletins
news update on Trump Administation
any breaking news right now?
Give me updates on all the protests going on in the US right now
What are the headlines for today's news
what are the local news stations talking about
Read me recent local news headlines
News about Hillary Clinton
asia news
NBA Sports news headlines please
Give me an update on the latest weather news.
latest sports headlines
What are the top 5 news headlines?
What's the latest NCAA football news?
Is there any news regarding Russia?
What is the most current update on fake news?
give me current news
Are there any new Taylor Swift headlines?
Add Stephanie to this call.
Bring Glenda into our call
please add sharon to call now
Can you please add in Shaniqua Kimmer?
i need to add a contact to this call
Add mum into the call
Add Kelly to the video call please
Add my auntie to this call.
Send invite to Mom for this call
join nicole to this call
Link grandpa to the current active call
add Betty to the call now
Keep this call and add my brother.
Bring mom onto this call
add junior to call now
add stepsister to this call
Can you add Jada to this call with Z?
add David to my call
Have Thomas taken off the group call
add shelby to call
Get rid of Sam from my current call.
include dad to the call
add to the call for me
Add Will to call
Add nephew to the call
add my father to the call
Can you add Jeremy to this video chat
connect friend into my call
Please add mum now
add my stepdad to this call
Add in Melanie please
Add Sarah to the call
add mums to this call
Let John join this call
Add steven to this call
Can we put susie on this call too
Have Vincent Roberts taken off the group call
Call Dave and add him to this call
remove my grandma from the video call
Drop Lukas Meadows from this call
invite allison to call
Put John in the call.
Take out Bill from this call now.
How old will Bill be on his birthday next year?
How old is Floyd?
how old is Peter?
How old is Liz?
Is Gina older than me
Is Chris over 45?
is Maggie 47 years old this year
How old will Thomas be this year?
how old is my father in law
How old is Liam going to be in February
repeat that last song
Will you replay the last song
please put on the track played before this one
Go to previous song
I want to listen to the last song again
can i listen to the last song again
Can you repeat that last song?
Decrease timer by 15 minutes
Minus 5 minutes from timer
Subtract 10 minutes from my timer.
Subtract one minute from my timer
Deduct 5 minutes off my work timer.
take 23 seconds off the timer
Remove 10 minutes from the workout timer
Change timer to go off in 10 minutes.
remove twelve minutes from Reading timer
When does this artist next go on tour
Who are the most popular jazz musicians of all time?
Is there new music for Nelly?
What is the name of Pink's last album.
What's the latest hit?
quit this alarm
shut up alarm
Shush please
turn of my alarms
Alarm off!
Dismiss alarm now
Stop the alarm please.
Shutdown
make alarm quiet
That's enough of that alarm thanks
no more alarm
all alarms off
set alarm every 5 minutes
Set alarm for 4 am
Make alarm for Wednesdays at 6
switch my alarm on for 10am
set an alarm for 402
Alarm on for tomorrow.
set weekly alarm for 7am
set my snooze alarm for 1 hour
Set alarm for 6:30am
Make an alarm for tomorrow night
Set alarm for 5 pm tonight.
I need an alarm setting to wake me up tomorrow
Set an alarm every 3 minutes for 15 minutes.
Set my alarm for every half hour
set an alarm for 7 tomorrow
Have alarms set on Tuesdays for 9:30pm and 8am, repeat for the next 6 months
Set an alarm for 12pm every Friday
set alarm every hour for 12 hours
Create an alarm for the 5.55 and 6am this Thursday
generate an alarm on the may 5th
Make an alarm for December 25th at 12am.
Set alarm daily at 7pm.
set up an alarm for 6:50am
Set alarm to go off every 10 minutes for 1 hour
set an alarm for 1:30pm
Will you set an alarm for December 2nd at 4 am?
set alarm for 5:30am
give me a new alarm for 2460
I need an alarm for Friday
Create alarm for 4:00 AM
set me an alarm for today
create an alarm today at midnight
make for me an alarm for 21 minutes from now
Set recurring alarm for weekdays at noon.
Make an alarm for 3pm on June 7
i need a few alarms to go off for me on Friday at 12pm and 1pm
Make an alarm at 9 and one at 10
Please alert me at 1pm on Friday the 13th
Create an alarm at 3pm for the next 4 weekends
create alarm for 1235
Please create an alarm for June 2nd at 10:00 am to go to the skating rink.
Set football alarm for sundays at 1pm
Wake me up at 7am please.
I need a wake up alarm at 5 am
create alarm for me on thursday at 3
I want to wake up at 8am
Create alarms 8pm and 11pm today
Set alarm for 9 am to catch the train
set alarm to remember to take my pills
Create and alarm for next Thursday at 2pm
Set alarm for 7 am every day this month
make an alarm for today at 9pm
SET THE ALARM FOR 15 MINUTES
repeat an alarm weekdays at 7pm from the 20th May
set an alarm for every 10 minutes after 6 am
Make recurring alarms for Sundays at 10am and at 2:00pm
Please set alarm for 6am, 6:12am, and 6:30am.
set  alarm for 7 am tomorrow
set recurring alarm that goes off at noon
Sound alarm every 20 minutes
Alarms tomorrow?
Can you wake me at 7am
I need an alarm that goes off on Wednesdays at 9am
Set alarm for 8pm every Friday
set alarm.
Set an alarm for Monday at 10 am to check the kids school schedule
Make an alarm go off tomorrow
Set the alarm for 5 mins and 30 seconds
Set my wakeup alarm for 5pm
sound alarm at 2345
set alarm at 10am every odd date
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 4:30 am
Please set alarm for 5 am
Set an alarm that goes off at 4am every Tuesday.
Make a goodnight alarm for tonight
make an alarm for 950
Set an alarm for May 20th at 8.30am
Set an alarm for every 2 minutes
Please wake me up at 9am on Thursday the 16th of May.
Give me an alarm at 25 seconds
Create alarms to go off at 10am and 2pm on Monday
Set a new alarm now for school
set an alarm every five minutes for the next 2 hours
please set an alarm for 4:30 am tomorrow
Set alarm to go off every 20 minutes.
set an alarm for 4 years
Set an alarm for every minute for 15 minutes.
Make an alarm this Thursday at 0800.
wake me up in two hours
Turn on my alarm
Set a weekly alarm for Thursdays at 5
9 o'clock alarm please
Set an alarm for 3am monday, wednesday, and friday.
turn clock on for 12:00
Set up 5 pm for the alarm
Set an alarm for 7:30 AM.
create an alarm at 6.30 thats weekly for three weeks
Set alarm for 40 minutes
Set an alarm for 7am tomorrow morning
Add Alarm every night at 7pm
Set an alarm for Tuesday at 3am and 4am which repeats
set alarm for 4:45pm
Make an alarm for 9pm in the evening on Tuesday
New alarm for Tuesdays at 6AM for next 2 months
Set an alarm for 3pm call it nap time
Create an alarm for 7:30 am every day next week
Have the alarm go off at 4:30pm.
Set a medication alarm
can you set an alarm for 45 minutes from now?
Set alarm 30 minutes from now.
set two alarms at 6am and 9am everyday for two weeks
new alarm for 6
Set an alarm for 1pm every day this week
Set an alarm for every 60 seconds for 10 minutes.
Start an alarm at 4:00 pm and 6:00 pm
Set a Wake-Up Alarm 4 am
Set recurring larms everyday for 7am and 7:10am please.
switch on alarm for 10:00 AM
Set an alarm for 1 hour from now
make an alarm for weekdays
Set alarm for 6 AM tomorrow
Set an alarm for this Wednesday at 8AM
make alarms on wednesday for 5pm and 6pm
Set an alarm for 7:30 pm
Set up alarms at 12:00 pm and 6 am
Create a repeat alarm for every Tuesday at 4
Create an alarm for 4th May at 5am.
Notify me at 6.40pm and 8.30pm on Thursday.
Make an alarm for a month for 2pm.
create alarm for 6h55
set bedtime alarm for today
Create na Birthday alarm
I need an alarm set for 5am
Turn on my 10am alarm for tomorrow
would you make an alarm for 15 minutes from now
Please create me an alarm.
Set an alarm every 15 minutes for 1 hour
Wake me in the morning
please set an alarm for 8:30 am
Set alarm 35 minutes from now
Set a daily alarm for 6am
Create a new alarm at 9pm on Friday
Set an alarm from Monday to Friday at 7am
set alarm for 10 pm tonight
Set an alarm for May 30th
I want to set a get ready for bed alarm at 10pm
Set alarm at 10 pm tonight.
Set an alarm for 5 PM tomorrow
create alarm for 04h50
Make alarms for Wednesday at 6.30AM and 7AM
Set my alarm for 3pm.
Set alarm for 4pm tomorrow.
Set my alarm please
Set up alarm Monday at 5 and then at Tuesday at 8 am
Please make repeating alarms at 7pm and 9pm on Tuesdays.
Create wake up alarm at 7am tomorrow
Set alarm for 1 hr before my dinner reservation at Redstone
Could you create an alarm at 7 am on Mondays?
Start a study alarm for 30 mins.
Set an alarm on the 20th May please
Set alarm for 7am tomorrow.
set alarm for nightlies meeting
Let's set an alarm for the grandchildren's concert on Saturday at 3pm
Add an alarm for 9am on May 10th
Set me an alarm for the morning
Set an alarm for 6am for the next 4 Mondays
I need to get up at 7am please.
Create an alarm for tomorrow morning
Please add an alarm to go off every day at midday
Make alarms for Tuesday and Saturday at Midnight
Apply alarm Friday afternoon at 4pm
create alarms for 6pm and 7pm
Set an alarm for 7 a.m. tomorrow.
Create an alarm called 'worktime'.
Set alarms for 9am and 10pm.
create alarm for 1750h
set an alarm for me to wake up at 5am tomorrow
Set a nap alarm for 4:00 pm
Set an alarm to go off in thirty minutes
I need a new alarm for this afternoon.
Set baby alert for 3 times a day
Set alarm for next Saturday at 5 in the afternoon.
Create an alarm for Tuesday at 3pm
set alarm for 9:00 am tomorrow morning
switch on an alarm for 730am please
Repeat alarm every monday for 6am
Set the alarm every weekend to 9:30 am
Set alarm for 7 am Monday through Friday.
Set alarm for 7:30 am tomorrow.
Set an alarm to wake me up at 7 am called Work
Make a grocery alarm at 6pm today
Need alarm 4pm
Set three alarms for tomorrow: 7am 9 am and 11am
set alarm for 6pm
Set alarm for 6:30
set alarm for Saturday at 8 am
make an alarm for 05h10
Set an alarm for 6.45am every Wednesday.
I need to wakeup at 7am
alarm for four minutes from now
create alarms for tomorrow morning at 7 and 9
Create a go to work alarm.
set alarm for 10am Saturday and Sunday
Make an alarm for 5am
Make an alarm for March 3rd at 3 pm for the dentist
please set alarm for 10am
Could you set an alarm for Friday at 10 a.m.
set an alarm every half hour
set alarm to go off everyday at 9:15
What degree did Jeff graduate with at Clemson?
What degree did Ivy get?
Who have I called this week?
Who was that who just called me?
WHO IS THE CALL WAITING CALL FROM?
Restart timer in 15 minutes
Reset my second timer
Restart my previous timer
Restart jogging timer now
Reset timer for workout.
Reset the dinner timer.
RESTART THE TIMER
reset my current timer
where does Courtney work?
Do you know where my friend Jerry works?
Does Jeremy work at Taco Bell?
Who's Pam working for now?
Does Mandy work for BB&T?
Is Jonathan still working at the Apple Store?
Has Brad worked for Transcore before
Who is Denise's employer?
Does Dad still work for the FAA?
who does matt work for?
What company does Mary work for?
Where does Jan work?
who does Wallace work for?
Where does Doug work?
Does Chris still work for the NYS Dept. of Conservation?
Is Walter self-employed now?
Who does Li Work for?
Where does  Mark work?
Who works at the local Toyota Dealership?
What is my next reminder for the next hair color appointment?
is there a reminder set for christmas shopping
what reminders do I have for friday
Tell me the reminder about Michael
What are my reminders for this weekend
What reminders do i have set up for work this week?
Show me my reminders for my get-together with Monique.
Let me know all the weekend reminders i set up for the next month
What reminders do I have for the 20th?
Show my reminders please
Tell me what reminders I have set for the last two weeks of December?
Show my reminder for this meeting
Tell me all the reminders I have for tomorrow.
Show me reminders for mom next Saturday
Show my husband's reminder.
Get a reminder for my family reunion on Monday at 7 am
Get all my reminders for vet appointments
Read me my reminders for picking up my kids for after-school activities.
Did the reminder get set for gymnastics tuition
Do I have any weekend reminders with Stephanie?
Show all of my reminders for the next two days
do i have a reminder set for tomorrow morning about the meeting in the afternoon?
What reminders do I have for Peter's birthday party next week?
IS THERE A REMINDER FOR CHECKING CELL PHONE DATA USAGE?
Are there dinner reminders for next week
is there anything in my reminders
Show me reminders of sales for this week.
Did I have dinner reminders set last week.
I want you to show me all the reminders I have with my friends for this week.
Reminders for my fitness schedule/routine please
What's my next reminder
List all reminders for Saturday evening for concerts.
What reminders do I have for Saturday afternoon?
List all my golfing reminders
Read out all of my reminders for next weekend.
do i have any reminder for coming sunday
is the ball game reminder set or did it get deleted
tell me tomorrow's reminders
Show all reminders for August.
what reminders do I have for next tuesday?
What are tomorrow's reminders?
Please show me reminder about dinner dates with my kids this week
Show me all reminders from our girl's trip group chat.
Please show all reminders.
Show me all of my reminders in EST.
Does Taylor and Ava have any reminders for Cheerleading next week?
Open reminder for pills at 5 pm
show me all reminders for my upcoming surgery
Show all reminders for band recording sessions this coming weekend, in order according to time.
show all of today's reminders
Is there a reminder set for our house painting?
Show reminders for this week
Tell me what reminders I have about cleaning.
Find my reminders for paying all of my bills for the current month
What reminders do I have for Tuesday?
What reminders do I have for thursday afternoon?
do i have a shopping reminder
What appointment reminders do I have the next 2 weeks?
What is my next email reminder?
Show all my medical reminders
what are my reminders for this evening
show me all my reminders for sophie in Massachusetts this week
show me all reminders i have that include calli in them
Show the event reminders for this weekend.
Read me all my sales appointment reminders for Wednesday.
read all of the reminders i have set up for this week
Pull up the first 2 reminders for next week/
I like theater
Can you rewind
Did North Korea threaten anyone today
Who is Scaramucci
who won the republican debate
Who did Trump just fire?
who died during the rally
What are the best preforming stocks right now
What areas had the worst flooding yesterday?
what is the actual percentage of voter fraud
What's Trump's view about Venezuela issues
Was anybody hurt at the protest in Virginia
How did Glen Miller die
Is nepal still flooded
How much is Taylor Swift counter-suing for
Is Donald Trump going to be impeached?
What is the verdict of the murder trial
What was the result of The Bachelorette this season
have the president made any further remarks on what went on in charlottesville this past weekend
Why is Taylor Swift in court
Any celebrities die today
Why did the under armour CEO resign from Trump's counsel?
What is the latest in the black lives matter movement
who is the new mayor
Did the major of Johnsonville get convicted
Who won the Election in France
Did Ivanka Trump use a private email
How many nations does the US have as allies
Pause treadmill timer.
Stop timer, please
Pause my existing timer please
Stop my running timer halfway through
close timer
Sleep timer for bed time
interrupt the timer
Pause timer 2.
pause stopwatch timer
pause time while I take this call
Hold the timer.
close out of timer
Pause the work timer
Pause my countdown timer
Turn off the timer
turn off timer
I need updates on Charlottesville, VA today
Which articles are related to this article
Modify my Work reminder with the subject line 'Work Meeting'
Add buy Maggie a birthday gift to today's reminder.
modify the reminder for groceries and add milk and eggs
Change my grocery list reminder from eggs and butter to pancakes and soap.
How long until the current alarm goes off?
What are my upcoming alarms
Can I see my alarms?
What time is the work alarm set for
How many hours are left til alarm goes off?
how long before the alarm goes off?
How much time do I have until the alarm goes off
how much time is left before my alarm goes off?
how much  do i have left on my alarm
Please tell me my current alarms.
Show all alarms.
When is my alarm set to?
show my alarm
how much time till my next alarm?
Let me see all the alarms currently set.
I want to know what alarms I have set.
I would like to see my next alarm
where are my alarms?
Show me all my alarms for the week
what alarms do I have right now
Add another 5 minutes
Add an hour to my timer.
Add 30 more minutes to my timer
Add 5 minutes to my timer
Add 30 minutes to timer
Add 10 minutes to the current timer.
Add 30 seconds more
Add 5 minutes to my french press timer
Can you put 10 more minutes on the timer?
Add 60 minutes to the timer
give me another five minutes
Will you add 22 minutes to my timer?
Add 15 minutes to my work out timer
I want to add five minutes to my tie-dye timer.
Can you add 10 minutes to my current timer?
Add 5 minutes to brush teeth timer
put 12 hours more on my Reading timer
I want to add 10 minutes to the timer
add 12 more minutes to current timer
Increase chill out timer by three hours.
add 10 minutes to my weight training timer
add 5 minutes to my timer
How much time do I have left on my sleep timer?
give me time remaining
Can you tell me the status of my timer?
how much time has passed
How long to reach the end of the timer?
how much time is left on my gym timer?
display my laundry soaking timer
get time left on the Workout timer
How much time did i go over the timer
How much longer before the timer goes off?
What was my last time?
how much time do i have left
tell me how many minutes left do I have
How much time is still on the timer
Is there any time left on the timer I set
How long until the time goes off?
get remaining time on Reading timer
time left on timer
When will the timer end?
show me my timer called french press
what's the timer set for
When is this timer done?
how much time until the timer goes off
What is the current status of my timer?
whats the time left?
display my meditation ended timer
what's the time on my current timer
get timer
How many seconds do I have left on my timer
show me my macaroni timer
Total time left on  timer.
How much time is left on my timer for boiling water?
how much time is left on timer
how much time remains on my timer?
Get stretching timer for me.
How much time do I have on the timer before leaving
How much time has passed on the timer?
whats left on the time limit?
How much time left on timer
How much time does my timer show for me to complete this walk
skip forward two minutes
I would like google play as my default
set sirius xm to stream music
use only iheartradio to play music
use mainly apple music
please only use pandora
always use amazon music for music
stream music through amazon music only
as my default music app use amazon music
show my friends that are also friends with Kelly
What mutual friends to Tom and I have?
show me the available ones
Is my son available for a video chat now?
List everyone I know online.
who is online now
please show anyone available
show all on the available list please
do I have friends online at this time?
Is Shelby online?
online friends
Which family members are online?
let me know who is online
I see someone online, who is he?
Is Tina online now?
What is Johns current status? Is he available online?
Is anyone I know online at the moment?
please show me available
Is Alex available to call right now?
who is available on my list
Show those available
Is Paul online at the moment?
Are any of my family online?
Please tell me who is online now.
Is Brooke online?
tell me who is online now?
List my contacts that are online.
People available, please
who is available in the chat session
give me a list of online friends right now
Tell me who is online that are my friends
is my sibling online
Show me who isn't busy
check if susan is online
Who is available online
are two of my friends online
Tell me who is online that i know?
Is AJ online
is anyone online right now ?
Who is there
Who all is online right now?
Is Kim online at the moment?
Tell me which friends are online right now?
Is Jack currently available to call?
Stop this song
Exit Spotify
can I video message Everett
Can you please record a video message for wife?
reply to the udacity group with video message
Begin recording a video message for my mother
Start a new message to my aunt and ask her her location
Message Dennis and thank him very much for wishing me a happy birthday.
remind Travis and Trish that we are doing lunch tomorrow
text Dylan saying Okay sweet
Message Betsy to say I am going to be late
message everyone that i might be about ten minutes late
message Eric, Paul and Dan something that says are you free
Let Belinda know I'll be watching her children on Friday night
I want you to message Ana and let her know I liked her recent post on gardens.
Message Fiona that the usher training is at the Von Braun Center on August 15.
can you send Sparks via WhatsApp that talk to you later
Message Pizza Hut and let them know I will be there in 5 minutes.
ask Steve when he's leaving.
Message Lisa and ask what time she wants to leave for the concert on Sunday
Message Jb to find out what time the Kevin Hart show starts.
I would like to send the WhatsApp message
Would you please send video message to Dan via Messenger
Message Mason to meet in the lobby
text Josh Wu and Debbie that talk to you later
can you leave Madelyn a video recording for now
i would like to message it to Fred on Facebook
please message the grandparents thread on my way
Record a video message for spouse.
I want to record a video message for Karissa Nienow with that recipe instruction
can you leave Ember a video recording for now
message calli that the traffic on I 4 is at a standstill so i will be late meeting her at Universal Studios
Can you let mom and dad know I want to take them to the concert Friday.
message sean that the party starts at 2 on sunday
can you send Joe on Facebook a message saying on my way
send Duane Reade the WhatsApp text
I would like to send a Messenger message
can you send the work buddies thread
please record a video message for Lindsie and Carla Nguyen
Send a message to Carol the dance ends at 11pm.
Send Shirley message to wait 10 minutes and we arrive soon
send message to kids that i am on my way back
send a message to Cris to let him know that it is exactly 50 miles from Barre to White River Junction
send Sarah on Facebook a message saying are you free
Message my son that my car broke down
Remind Jackie that we need cups and the north house
Let the people in the painting event that I am running a little behind
message eric and ask him when the next time he is going to catalyst gym is
can you please send video message to the yoga group
send message to kirk that there are 2 flights to oakland on tuesday
can you record a video message for Tanner
please message the parents chat happy birthday
Message my brother that we need to be at the show early tomorrow.
I need you to video message Isaac Ruben
Message to Family the cancer charity event Swim Across America Denver is at Chatfield Reservoir.
please send Adnan and Steve message
reply to the exbox team chat with message
send a message to james saying I am following up from last week can we meet tomorrow
send it to Ryan Bennett Watson
please record a video message for Filby and Stephanie
Send a message asking Ian if he locked the door.
Message Michelle and tell her that we need to plan a girls night out.
Can you record video for Prince
video message Ruben
send it to Merilyn Lesniak
I need you to send a video message to my Steve.
send a message to ryan telling him to meet me at sam's house
leave a video recording for Horacio Kazeck
send it to Han Hoisington
Send a message to Heidi to bring 6 lbs of bacon to the Pancake fundraiser.
Message I'm going home and staying home.
Can you begin recording a video message for my husband
Message Lori to meet me near the escalator.
could you message a video
send that video to Debbie, Mary, and Bridget
I would like to message the video to Max.
please send my family message
i would like to message the bandmates thread message
Message GrayCee and tell her Mack is coming too.
send a video message to Kimberly Paul Hendrix
can you record a video message for Rosalina Vannice please
send a message to coffee lovers chat that says sounds good
Send a message to Clarissa to ask her if she can make it to Church today
Please send that video to Sheila.
Ask Bill how long the pop concert is going until on friday night
Ask Jon if he will be on time for our show
Ask mom when the pool party starts tomorrow.
lets i would like to message video message to Sheila via Messenger
i want to leave Larry a video recording
leave a video recording for Gino Hinkley
could I message Chance and tell him Hey man What are you up to today
Send a message to Mark and tell him that the package he needs will be delayed due to the hurricane along the Pacific Coast.
Please send my husband a video message
I need you to text Kayla
could you make a video message for my friend Brain
Record a video message for my husband
Ask Lyndsie why she's running so late in a message.
send that video to the people in my undergraduate class chat
send a message to edie and tell her buffalo movers is a great company that I recommend
reply to Eric Gonzalez Clark with a video message
message my dad and ask him if he is planning to fly in for the graduation on june 21st at the high school
send Lauren the Facebook message
please send a video message
Let Sandra know that the fair starts on August 12th this year.
I want Lance to come over email him using his Flap group info.
Send a text to Ollie asking if he knows where my birthday party is at
ask sara if she's going to the work event tomorrow
Message my Mother
Message Dick and tell him to turn down the music.
i would like to message Stephanie via Messenger that on my way
start recording video for Eleni
I need you to send that video message on Facebook
text on my way to Lance and Kenny
Hey Bot! Can you please send a message to Elizabeth that I will be at her place in 15 minutes?
message Hadley saying Just for surety, can you get a zin
send a message to one thread that says are you free
MESSAGE TINA I WILL BE HONORED TO THROW HER A BABY SHOWER
i would like to message Jimmy that WhatsApp text
Send a Message to Jesse and ask what hotel they’re staying in Panama City Beach next month
I need you to send that video message via Facebook
video message Michaela
I would like to send the Messenger message
Record a video message for Georgiann Bridenbaker
send a message to high school friends chat that says talk to you later
Send a message to Satapana that I will be at the wedding
send it to Lia Gitelman
tell my sister that her class reunion is on friday at 8pm
tell Joy that i am not coming to her party today
message on Messenger
message ben to please send a group text to all the band about where we're playing next weekend
New message Hey man, your phones going straight to voicemail so Im assuming it died
Please send the message 'Happy Birthday' to Jeanie
Let Laura know the concert is on August 10th at 6pm
please send my siblings
tell everyone that I finished the Walt Disney World marathon
reply to Gracelynn with a video message
send text on Facebook
Send message to Tonya to ask her if she will be coming by to get the rest of her stuff
Send a message that says K Thumbs up emoji
Message Charlene and ask what dates are Garth Brooks playing in Kansas City?
please send that video to the code blue thread
Record a video message for my kid and send it to him.
send message to Gina confirming the tour to visit the canyons in Colorado
let's leave a video recording now
Please record this video message for Ok Skripko
message a video to Scarlett
let's leave a video recording
Send a message to Jose and ask if he watered my rose bush
send a video message to Keith
I would like to send the WhatsApp text
Message Sue to give me her current ETA at the farmer's market.
Message Willy and ask him when the bon fire will be lit tonight.
send the text to my parents
Warn Mom I may be early because I'm making great time.
message a video to Charles Price Cook
Message Kam and  tell her hair appt July 1st
let Jax  no that we will still have the cookout at my mother's house Friday
please send Ted the WhatsApp message
Message Sue to see if her husband got tickets to the Giants game for Thursday night.
Please record a video message for nephew
Text Thompson and tell him I can meet at 5.
Message Jim about cancelling our plans
Start a video message.
would you message Brianna and tell them You can release this when I’m a senator
Message Jim and tell him his drink is in the fridge.
Ask Kim what time is the final exam
send that Facebook text
please send Tony and Jordan
Please set up video message and then send it to Bella.
video message on WhatsApp
Message friends and tell them that I am running a flu.
Ask Azure if the STEM group is still going to Rochester
Tell Lu I have a table in the back
send video message on Messenger
Ask Rob how bad the traffic is
Make a video for Lewis
can you send a video message to michael now
Send message to my son that he was invited to little jimmys birthday party next week
Tell Sally traffic is bad so I will be 15 min late
send that video message via Facebook
Send dad a message that I am currently at the grocery store and will be home shortly
Message CJ to let him know Randi's surprise party is at the community center in Shaker Heights.
Please record video message and send to milo.
please message the family group talk to you later
Send video message to leanne hinton please.
message thank you for gift to Betty
