Change my status to interested for the second event
change my status to maybe for Hocus Pocus
mark me as interested for Autumnal Gathering
rsvp maybe for that event
mark me as interested for this event
RSVP maybe to Tacocat
respond interested to Digital Urbanisms Conference
set my status as maybe for this event
How many grocery store reminders do I have for this month?
How many dog reminders do I have today?
find me Ed Sheeran
Find Tiger Woods covers.
What time is my next reminder at?
When is my reminder for apple picking?
What time is the day and time for the reminder for the doctor appointment for Tina?
When was the last time I had a reminder set to water the plants?
When is the concert reminder?
when is my reminder set for mowing the lawn?
What day next week is my reminder to pay my credit card bill set for?
When is my reminder for lunch with Tesha?
did jen work at lincoln school 2 years ago?
What date did bob start working there
How long has Cindy's current employment been?
How long did Marani work at Toys R Us?
How long has Tonya worked for Google?
When did Zac start working at Walmart?
When did Marie start working for her current job?
Isabell worked for Amazon between 2000 and 2010?
what does jen's employment end?
When did Dave start working for the city of Houston?
how long ago did kevin start working for amazon?
put this song on repeat.
Loop last song
What is Steven's number?
Email needed for Alexandra Zane
Skip this song on Amazon music.
SKIP THIS SONG
Go to another song.
change to next track
skip the song that is playing
Skip current song
Skip ahead two tracks
play another track
Play next song
Favorite this song for me
Which artist is this song by?
What is the name of this album
Who is this some by
Do you know the name of the album this song is from?
I'd like to know the name of this album.
who sings It Just Comes Natural
is that enya?
Who sang that last song?
What song is playing now?
How long is this current song?
Is this song on the new album?
what track is playing
name of album
Whats the name of this song
Who is singing this
I need to check on Ashley this weekend, can you remind me to call her tomorrow?
Remind Ray to take his medication at 12 pm.
I need to call randy tomorrow evening, can you remind me at 5 pm .
Reminder - get printer ink .
first item reminder for doctors appointment for Monday, August 14 at 4PM
remind me of my dentist appointment on Saturday
Remind me at midnight to call Jane.
Add a reminder for blood work from Wednesday at 9am
Remind me to check the weather Friday to see if the cookout's still on.
Remind me to turn off the stove
Set a reminder to meet my friends from church for dinner tonight at 6pm
Remind me to get groceries at 12pm.
Remind me to shoot an email to Theresa  about the meeting tonight
Remind me to check for Yosemite Reservations on February 10th.
remind me to take the berries out of the freezer 15 minutes before my last alarm tomorrow
I don't want to miss Murder She Wrote at 5 pm on Thursday. Can you remind me at 4:30 pm. Scenario 1,Set up
make a reminder for august 14th
remind me to leave 15 min before my appointment
Remind me to send an email to Jessie on Friday at 11am.
Please remind me to respond to my emails tonight.
Remind me to send a birthday message to Alex tomorrow at noon.
remind me I need to pick up coffee today!
Remind me to get two bottles of water.
Remind me about Tony's birthday next week
Could you remind me to go to Bennie's house before Big Johnnie gets there on Saturday night.
remind me to buy items tomorrow
create a reminder next year on october 1st to think of halloween costume
Set a reminder for the movie with Alex this Friday.
create a conference call reminder to all my subornants.
Remind me to grab my direct deposit information before I leave the house.
I need to submit my project, remind at 1 pm
Remind me to pick up the dry cleainng before they close.
Set a reminder for Friday at 7:00 pm.
Set a reminder to pick Robert up at 2pm.
Remind me to feed the dogs today
remind me at wish my friend tomorrow
Send out a reminder to Lori, Lisa,and Michelle to meet and discuss the team breakfast scheduled for September 5.
Remind me of the stuff I have planned this week
Need to pick up flowers before Brianna's party on saturday; set a reminder at  4PM.
please set reminder to send happy birthday message to clark on friday
I need to take the earlier flight to LA will you remind me 5 hours earlier
Can you remind me about my test tomorrow morning at 7am.
Set a reminder about my wife's flight coming in in the afternoon.
Remind me to add Davian's dental
set a reminder that Friday is payday
I need to cook dinner early tomorrow. Can you remind me at 4 pm?
Set an alert for 10 minutes before the meeting on Thursday.
Remind James and Laura to leave at 2:10 for the meeting
Set a reminder to pick up hairspray.
Please remind me to paint the house this Thursday at 8 am; set an alert to start 2 hours before
Remind me to get a birthday present before John's birthday
set a reminder to call mom tonight
Remind my son to pick up his uniform
remind me to call tim after work tomorrow at 6pm
remind me to call my mom tomorrow 830 am
Remind me to submit my essay by 5pm
GAMES OF THRONE REMINDER
Please remind me to do grocery shopping at 6PM tonight.
remind me to call dad at 5pm
I don't want to miss the bus at 3pm tomorrow , can you alert 15 minutes before
Remind me to buy my books for psychology class before August 20th.
I dont want miss the doctors appointment, at 2 pm ,can you remind me 10 mins early.
set reminder for dr apointment
Remind me to buy present for Ann on Saturday.
Remind me to pick up orange juice after the movie today
Set up reminder to get oil change wednesday.
Set two reminders for that. One in the morning and one in the evening.
remind to visit the eye doctor on thursday
remind me to call work in an hour
Set up a reminder during week at 5pm for swimming classes during August.
Remind me to take out the gargade.
remind my cheerleading group that we have practice saturday evening
create reminder to get butter asap
Create a reminder to go to the doctor Next Tuesday at 2 pm
Remind me to call Mark, a 3pm eastern time
Remind me of appointment with Dr. Khan on August 20.
Set a reminder to turn oven off in 3 hours
Set up a reminder for my brother to contact the realtor tomorrow at 11am.
Remind me to change the oil in my car in 6 weeks.
remind me to call eric back later tonight
Reminder casting call September 9
Remind me to get the flu shot on October 1, 2018
Remind me to head to Tokyo from Osaka October 16.
Set a reminder to make the phone call
remind me to leave the house by 2:30
Remind me on Friday morning that two packages are supposed to arrive that day.
Remind me about my lunch date at 12:00 pm with co-workers on Friday.
Remind me of appointment at 3 PM
remind me to buy office supplies
Can you remind us that the concert is this Saturday night?
Remind me to set the DVR to record Teen Mom tomorrow
Remind me to turn in my assignment tomorrow at midnight.
Airport trip in 3 days; please set a 2 hour reminder beforehand
Can you remind me to call home tomorrow and check on my brother
Set up a reminder for next Monday to finish my homework.
set reminder for my wife birthday
remind me that my groceries need to be picked up at 2pm tomorrow
Add a reminder to do the dishes.
Set a reminder for this Sunday to log online and reserve airline tickets for Dave's wedding
remind me to be at the dr. tomorrow at 8
Remind me to send Mark a copy of Matt's auto insurance policy before tomorrow morning?
Remind me to ask for a raise at 10
Remind me to call doctor when I get to work
Remind me about Camryn's birthday on Friday night.
reminder for yoga class tomorrow
Set a reminder to call my husband when I get home
set a reminder to cancel the vet appointment for the cat
Set up a reminder for 5 PM when Chris is coming home from work.
Remind me in 20 minutes to turn on skype
Add a reminder for myself to schedule golf lessons this Sunday.
Remind me to purchase the grill for the cookout on August 28th.
can you set a reminder for me to turn off the AC in half an hour
Remind Braydon that I'm picking him up early today at 4 pm for his appointment.
Remind me to send a congratulation card to my daughter
Remind me to set prenantal classes and email John the schedule of classes.
I need a reminder to look for a place for Aubrey's birthday party
Set a reminder two hours before 5pm meeting
Remind me to record the soccer game tomorrow evening
remind me to call mom tonight
Remind me to call Larry on Monday at 8 pm Central time.
Remind me that I need to pick up Mona's granddaughter from dance class on Saturday.
Remind me to check with Selena on Saturday on her moving plans for August.
Remind me to change the credit card number on my gym membership.
Set a reminder to call dad at 7pm.
Remind me to make a grocery list
Remind me to call Dave.
set up reminder to set alarm on aug 14 for school reopening on aug 15
Remind me to talk to Frank before Friday
Remind me to dress casual for work tomorrow morning.
Remind me to return my online purchase to Nordstrom
Remember to call dad to remind him of Va appointment
Set up a reminder to call Dad on August 31 at 10:30am.
create a remind to call mom at 7pm
add reminder to call dentist for appointment
Can you remind me of the ingredients for carrot cake?
Set reminder for Anna's audition
remind me to send a gift for Jillians wedding
Remind me at 5pm tomorrow night
Can you remind me to start the dish washer up at 7:00am?
Remind to pick up my son's friend for a sleepover
Remind me that I do not have money to travel
Remind me to call my mom on Friday night
Remind the team of the staff meeting Friday at 3 pm.
Remind me to confirm with Sara the dates of the camping trip this month
Remind me to put together care boxes for our family members that are deployed, for the holidays on September 30th at noon.
Remind me on Saturday.
remind me of brunch for 10 tomorrow morning
Make a reminder so I don't forget to do the laundry when I get home.
Send reminder to Joe for dinner date on Thursday.
Set a reminder for Jonathan to call grandma next week
Please set reminder for meeting with marketing team Friday at 10 am
set up reminder for Wednesday at 9am, school registration
beep me a reminder 10 minutes from now
Remind me to take my car in for an oil change on Friday at 11:30 am.
Can you remind me to attend online meeting on Monday at 5 pm
Set a reminder to animal and house sit for sister during thanksgiving week with two reminders 10 days before and 5 days before
Set lunch meeting reminder For Wed at 1:00pm
The condo association is meeting on Tuesday set a reminder for Tuesday morning at 10
remind me to go left at the light
Remind me to take the trash out tonight at 7pm.
remind me to buy toilet paper
Remind me of mail return tomorrow morning.
Remind Elizabeth to have all her school stuff ready for tomorrow.
Remind Deb to add her menu to the camping list.
remind me to get milk on the way home.
set reminder for tomorrow to change plans
Remind me to respond to John's invite on Facebook about attending his sister's birthday party on Saturday by  Thursday at 12:00 noon.
Remind my teammates that the next game is blue uniforms
Set a reminder to call john
Make a reminder for school tomorrow
Set up a reminder to go buy dog food.
remind me to set a one hour appt with a masseuse
Make a reminder for Shelly's birthday party this weekend.
Remind me to pick up burger buns when grocery shop on Thursday night.
I need to make a grocery list; will you remind me when I get off work at 5:00 p.m.?
Remind me to contact Gerald to review the blueprint alterations at 3:30pm.
set a reminder for 5 pm Wednesday to remember Kimbelle's birthday dinner Thursday night
Remind me that karine's party is tomorrow
Set a reminder to go shopping at 6.
Remind me to take my pill at 1pm
Set up a reminder for my daughter to visit her cousin Abby before she leaves for college in 4 days!
Set me a reminder about the trolley tour on August 24th.
remind jack that its my birthday next week
Set up a reminder for tomorrow to pack band aids and epi pens for the trip.
Remind me to call Tom tomorrow to wish him a happy birthday.
remind me to call plumber this afternoon
Set the reminder for 10 am
i need to set a reminder for friday's lunch
Set a reminder alarm for 2pm
remind me to buy a gift tomorrow
Set up a reminder for the school open house on Monday August 6th at 6pm
remind me to turn off my alarm
I need to set a reminder or Tuesday
Set a reminder for my tattoo appointment on August 29.
Remind me to change my AC filters tomorrow.
Add a reminder for the Gucci Mane concert in 5 months
Remind me to buy basil
set a reminder for my daughters play tonight please
Remind me to buy milk.
Remind me of the concert schedule.
remind me to check the light bill
remind me to get up for work in the morning at 9:30
I need to take Caleb some money, remind me tomorrow morning at 9 am please.
Remind me drink my medicine before midnight
Remind me to do my laundry at 7:00 pm this evening.
remind me to do my homework today at 4 p.m.
Remind me on Thursday to start diet
Remind me to ask Zack for more TianChi
Send a reminder this Friday to the parents of my music students that fees are due in two weeks.
Remind me to cancel magazine subscription.
remind me to take my medicine at 9pm
i want to watch the bachelorette at 7pm could you remind me ten minutes before
remind me to pack all the toiletries in a separate bag
Remind me to cook at 5 pm
Remind me to set up a doctor's appointment in September.
Remind me to vacuum the house tomorrow morning.
Can you remind me to send grandma a birthday card tomorrow night?
Remind me at six pm to call Victor.
Remind me today at 3:00 p.m. to set up my new Visa Card on Amazon.
Would you please remind me to make my appointment tomorrow early afternoon
I need to call Lisa tomorrow. alert me before 5 pm.
Remind me to check Target baby registry for Cassie and Jake baby presents tomorrow.
Remind me to get pizza delivered at 5 PM tonight please.
Need to get stuff for lasagna Friday....remind me  Thursday night
remind me to call about the storm drain blockage
Setup a reminder for my Mom for her appointment next Monday at noon.
I don't want to miss Emma's soccer match so alert me 40 minutes before on Sunday
would you remind me on the 21 of September to wish my brother happy birthday?
Remind me call lawn maintenance to cut grass.
Remind me the night before to pick up the cake for the work party on Wednesday.
remind me to order breakfast when I wake up saturday morning.
remind the office to meet me today at 7pm
Set a reminder for me to ask my boss about a pay raise tomorrow.
Add a reminder to pick up kids
Set a reminder for me to go to the dentist tomorrow at 1 pm.
Remind me Stranger things season 2 starts this weekend
Remind me to call my father today.
Remind me to get the clothes out of the dryer in 20mins
Remind me to check the oven in an hour
Remind me that I have work tomorrow.
Remind me to pick up my daughter at dance class at 5:45 tonight
Push this alarm back 10 minutes
Snooze the alarm for the next 5 minutes
Pause the alarm please
would you mind holding the alarm
Snooze the alarm please
snooze alarm for 30seconds
Snooze.
Snooze alarm for 15 minutes
silence alarm for 6 minutes
Snooze alarm for 5 minutes
please snooze my next alarm
Snooze the alarm for 10 minutes
Please snooze my alarm again
Snooze my alarm for another 5 minutes please
Set my alarm to snooze for 10 minutes
Snooze alarm off
Reshuffle song selections
Shuffle the next five songs, please.
open Spotify and play The Greatest Hits 1970-2002 on shuffle
open Spotify and play Save Tonight on shuffle
open Spotify and play Nothing Was The Same (Deluxe) on shuffle
open iheartradio and play Today on shuffle
pause current song
Pause song.
pause my music
resume the last timer please
Resume the timer.
timer re-start
Rewind the timer to the beginning.
keep on going with the timer
Resume morning cardio timer.
go back to timing
ok start the timer again
Let me listen to Jeremy Zucker's latest album.
Play me some rock & roll
Play music from my Feel Good music playlist.
play some gospel music
I want to listen to Somo radio on my pandora please
Play my hiking list please
Play the song I want you back.
play the top 10 country hits
Play me some Eminem.
Play some creed
Please play sorry by Justin bieber
I want to hear the newest album from Taylor Swift
Please play new Country music.
Begin playing Spotify
Play my music
Play some Gothic Metal music.
Please play rap
play Nine in the Afternoon on iHeartRadio
play Slick Rick on iheartradio
I would like to listen to 70's rock
Play My Fight Song
Play me jazz music on pandora
play Paper Planes on iHeartRadio
start playing Stoney
start playing WBHP 1230 on iHeartRadio
Play some Rage Against the Machine.
Play kids bop music
play Music for Sleeping: Thunderstorm and Rain Sounds on Spotify
Find august alsina
I want to hear showtunes.
Play the Alabama Shakes in Spotify.
play Cinderella soundtrack
Play me something that sounds like Madonna
Please play " My Songs" playlist on spotify
Play study music
start playing Stoney (Deluxe)
play WSVO radio
play the 2022 Last Week Tonight With John Oliver
Play George Jones.
Play the most popular songs of today.
Play U2.
Play Frank Ocean's album for me.
Play Queen Under Pressure
play song
play Latino
I want to hear some classical please
play the song Summer
Play me some Selena Gomez on Spotify
play some George strait
play the album Frank & Back To Black on iheartradio
go to iheartradio and play WQXR-FM
play the song Love Yourself
Play Madonna's top hits
i want to hear kaskade's most recent album
please play some music
turn on H.E.R.
Play some old Janet jackson songs
Turn to the pop channel on google play music
I want to hear Beethoven's 7th Symphony. Bernstein only.
Play playlist 6
Please play Bohemian Rhapsody
open iheartradio and play WHTZ.
play me some rap music right now
Play the new Haim song.
Play John Legend latest album
change the playlist
Play some Kanye West.
I'd like to listen to some thrash metal.
Play Chris Tomlin station
Play random music playlist
Play Pretty Lights
Play the first song
Play the new DMX album
Play Lecrae's new album.
play my playlist with this name
play MacArthur Park on Spotify for me
Change station to 90s hip hop
Will you play my Lady Gaga play list in Spotify?
Start playing Miguel's latest album
play Trippie Redd on iheartradio
play Stone sour Song #3
Play 90s ballads
play the 1962 The Hangover Part II
I want to hear Lil Baby please
play Shallow by Florida Georgia Line
play the newest Drake album
play For What It's Worth on iHeartRadio
Play me Ocean Breathes Salty by Modest Mouse
start playing x (Wembley Edition)
play me some Early Pop-Rock & Roll music
Play Panic! At The Disco please
Play Anderson .Paak's album for me.
start playing Elvis 75
Can Spotify play me Lady Gaga now.
play the band Trippie Redd
play the song 5 Years Time
Will you play the song of the month?
I want to listen to Celine Dion's latest album.
I want to hear some Elton John
Play Diplo.
Play the latest hit from Maroon 5
i want to listen to some 90s music
Play hip hop songs.
play the number one song on the billboard top 100 right now
Play BBD
Can I listen to Chris Brown?
Play me some classic rock.
Play the new Spearhead album
Play Anderson .Paak Topanga
open Pandora and play Graduation (French Limited Version)
play all Jimmy Ray songs  from 90s please
please play Feeling on Spotify
Play new music by Justin Timberlake
Open up my romantic playlist.
play the song Wake Me Up
Please play Filter House music.
Play Michael Jackson music
play the song Sweet Child O' Mine
Can we listen to some toddler music?
a playlist for popular Madonna songs
Music for Sleeping: Thunderstorm and Rain Sounds on pandora please
play the song Somebody That I Used To Know
Play some Queens of the Stone Age.
Play classical music
I want to listen to A$AP Rocky's latest album.
Put on some hip hop music
Can you play some Christmas music
play 1950s music
play Sixteen on iHeartRadio
Play a song with an oboe
let me hear lady gaga do what you want
Can you play a song by Miles Davis?
play 981 K D D please
Play the last album recorded by John Legend.
children's songs
I WANT TO HEAR FOLK MUSIC
I want to hear songs from the fifties
Play Ninja Rap by Vanilla Ice
Change station
go to iheartradio and play KEXP FM
Play some workout music.
play Depeche Mode playlist
play King Of Pop on iHeartRadio
I want to listen to Carrie Underwood's latest album
Play my latest playlist.
play International Superhits! on Pandora
play highway to hell
play cold by maroon five
i want some beatles music
Play my favorite playlist.
Play my daily Spotify list
Please play me the top County music hits.
open iheart and play Marvin Gaye '50' (International Version)
play the theme song to dallas
I want to hear Taylor Swift
PLAY SOMETHING SLOW.
play the album Until Death Call My Name Reloaded
Play  a few song's by Adele
turn on music
start playing my misfits pandora station
Play me The Yellow Submarine album please
Play me some jazz music
start the album at the beginning
Can I listen to Mariah Carey's new album
find me some jazz
play cowboy channel
I want to listen to Weird Al's Amish Paradise
Play me some jazz
Please play the top ten pop songs
play 106.1 KISSFM radio
play the album Ladies And Gentlemen... The Best Of George Michael on iheartradio
play some mellow music
play the new Kesha album
Add Lindsey to all reminders related to Ava's soccer games
Update reminder for  Kyoto to osaka travel date.   Change according to new schedule.
Where is the reminder for Tanya's party on Sunday?
What is the location of the reminders for my sister for her birthday party?
hang up the phone
End call for now.
Hang up the call.
Drop the call from sally
hang up Gunnar
End the call because i do not want to talk anymore
hang up Izabella
hang up to end the call
hang up Leonel Pam Cantrell
I'm done with the call now
I need to stop the conversation
hang up Cassey
Terminate this call please.
Hang up this call
Please end the conversation
Finish call now
Could you cancel the call for me please.
End this call
Cut off call
Cancel outgoing call.
leave conversation
Please stop the call
End session
Call complete
Change my reminders so that they show GMT instead of EST.
Update the time on my dinner reminder to 7 pm
i need to change my podiatrist appointment reminder to 5pm instead of 5:30
Can you change the alert time on that reminder from 7 to 9?
change my reminder for an oil change to thursday
Change the time on the reminder for picking up Jason from 4pm to 6pm on Tuesday
Change reminder to purchase school supplies from Tuesday to Thursday
Update my reminder to take my kids to karate at 10 am instead of 11 am.
Move the reminder to Tuesday
Move the event reminder to Sunday.
update my meeting reminder to next thursday
Change reminder for pool night to Sunday at 10pm.
shuffle the reminders around so that hip hop class is wednesday
Please modify reminder of  my boss's  vacation that was to start next week to next month on the 12th
Move the reminder for face cream from 8 to 9
I need to change reminder of meeting next monday to 9pm from 8 pm
Move the reminder to pack for the camping trip reminder 2 hours earlier.
I'd like the alert time for the reminder about my call tonight to change from 9 pm to 9:30 pm.
Change the reminder for work to Tuesday
Please modify the reminder of my math test today to next friday
Delete my dinner reminder and reschedule it for next saturday
change my smoke detector  battery alerts to April 15 10 am and October 15 at 10 am
Update the reminder to call Eric to tomorrow night.
Change my reminder from doctor's appointment at 11am to 10am
Can you move the reminder for the flooring company from today to Saturday?
Switch the cat's vet appointment reminder from Monday to Wednesday.
set Jessica to active
Update status to available
show I am available
Set status as available
please switch availability on
I will be available in 15 minutes
make myself available
End sleep mode
set Cait as active now
I can talk
who sent me happy birthday
who texted me via Facebook
who texted me via WhatsApp
Share Po' Boy Pop-Up with John
Send Insurgent Empire Book Launch to Logan
Share the fourth event with Jordan
Send Grilled Cheese Grand Prix to Lukas
Are any of my friends going to Trash Party?
Are any of my friends going to Tacocat?
Do I know anyone going to Brexit: What's Next??
How many cups is a stick of butter
How long should I cook a potato on the grill
How much cheese do I add to this mac and cheese recipe
What temperature is roast cooked at
What spices do I need for tacos
How many calories are in a slice of mozzarella cheese
What temperature does the oven need to be on
how many calories in Flounder
How many calories are in  beef stew
What is the best marinade for Salmon
how many calories are in a scoop of ice cream
what temperature to cook meats
How many tablespoons in a common stick of butter
What internal temperature does chicken need to be cooked
WHAT I NEED FOR FESENJOON
How do you make your own almond milk
How many calories are in brownies
how many calories in a bowl of miso soup
How do I tell if a chicken is done
How many scoops do you put into coffee maker
what is the cooking temperature for a rare hamburger
how much sugar do i use for pickling
How do I get egg shells out of food
how do I thaw ground beef fast
What ingredients do I need to make some chocolate chip cookies
How to make almond milk
what is spaghetti made of
How much protein is in a chicken breast
how many teaspoons of sugar is added in a banana shake
Water to rice ratio
how many grams is two cups of chocolate chips
what kind of onions tastes good with steak
how many carbs is in 100g of banana
how long do I need to put thin steak under the grill for
What  temperature is a turkey when done cooking
How many calories are in chicken fried steak
How many teaspoons of sugar do I add in peanut butter fudge
Find me assorted seasonings
What ingredients are in a mole sauce
How much is a stick of butter
What temperature do I cook a turkey
What ingredients are in Caesar dressing
How long do I cook baked ziti
How many calories in a piece of chocolate cake
How long do I fry chicken
How much sugar should I use
Waht is the correct temperatue for boiling eggs
What are the ingredients in tartar sauce
What is a healthy weekly menu for kids
what ingredients do i need to make waffles
How many calories in Almond milk
What is the best way to cook scrambled eggs
What temperature do you cook a steak at
How much baking powder do you substitute for baking soda
how long do i cook a pork tenderloin
What ingredients are in chicken pot pie
How many minutes to cook bacon
what ingredients do i need to make lasagna
How long do I bake a whole chicken
What temperature should I bake bacon at
Best way to cook steak
Which type of oil is the healthiest
how many carbs are in a strawberry banana smoothie
how many calories are in chicken stir-fry
How many calories in a slice of pizza
How do I melt chocolate on the stove
How much cumin do I add to Mexican rice
How much sodium is in a slice of bacon
What temperature to cook Pizza
How many calories are in a typical brownie
how much milk should I use in chocolate pudding
tell me the ingredients in corn chowder
how long should I marinate steak for
what are the ingredients for turkey stuffing
How much flour does this recipe need
What are the ingredients for goulash
What's the cook time for this meatloaf
What temperature do I need to boil a egg
How may eggs will it take to bake that cake
What ingredients are in keish
How much cocoa do I use in no-bake oatmeal cookies
What is the temperature needed to cook a turkey
How long does take  to bake a bread
How many calories in a slice of lasagna
How many cookies does this yield
What temperature should you re-heat pizza
what temperature do I set my oven too
Total calories for tacos al carbon
how long does it take to bake a chicken
How many calories in ice cream
How many calories are in a piece of steak
What temp is a rare steak supposed to be
how many calories in a tablespoon of peanut butter
how to cook a steak properly
how many eggs are used in a quiche
Show me the ingredients to make chicken parmesan
Do I need flour in cookies
How long do I bake Lasagna
what ingredients do i need for coleslaw
how much salt should i add to pork roast
How many calories in a 12 oz chocolate milk shake?
What's in deviled eggs
How hot should cooked pork be
how long do you cook steak to make it well done
What is the temperature range for medium rare steak?
what ingredients for chicken cordon bleu
What temperature should I roast a chicken at
how long do i cook a 10 pound turkey
What spices can I add to my spanish rice
How do you keep chicken fried steak crispy
how long do you boil corn
How many grams of fat are in a cheeseburger
what temperature do I cook the turkey to
how long does it take to defrost a whole chicken
How many grams of sugar is in orange juice
What do I need to make alfredo sauce
how long does it take to make chicken Parmesan
How much protein is there in a slice of cheese
What is the fat content in a milkshake
How long should I cook the meat for
How do you julienne carrots
what is in pho
how many calories is there in a slice of watermelon
How to cook fried chicken
What should the resting temp be of a turkey
How long does turkey cook
How long can I boil eggs for
how many cups of milk go in macaroni and cheese
what are the ingredients need to make sweet potato burgers
How long do I cook noodles
what temperature does water boil at
how long does it take to defrost a ham
How much fat is in a cup of 2% milk
How many mg of sodium are in ramen noodles
What temperature does the turkey need to be when its finished
What are the ingredients in a mcchicken
What temperature do I bake brownies at
How long to roast corn on the cob
How to cook a whole chicken in the oven
What temperature do I bake a pizza at
how much sugar is in a slice of pizza
Ingredients for pot pie
What ingredients are in red enchilada sauce
how long does it take pot roast to cook in a slowcooker
What's in a vegan cake
How much oil do I need to fry 20 pounds of french fries
how long to boil for a soft boiled egg
What are the ingredients in quiche
how much salt is needed for the soup
What temperature is pork usually cooked at
How much water do I add to a roast in the crock pot
How many calories are in one oreo
what should the oven be set to heat up pizza
what are the ingredients in a stir fry
what internal temperature should a pork chop be in order to be safe
Does Bob own a car?
unlike music
Delete a current alarm.
Cancel alarm for bedtime
Can you cancel my upcoming alarm?
Delete my repeating alarm on the 1st of every month
Cancel all my alarms for
cancel all of my alarms
Cancel all my alarms.
Cancel the alarm please.
delete my alarm for lunch
Cancel alarm on weekends
Delete all the alarms for tomorrow
set my status as going to Planet Home
set my status as going to this event
respond yes to the fourth event
rsvp yes to Fly 5K at the Museum of Flight
I want to go to to TEDxSeattle
mark me as going to Healing Spirit: An Interactive Event
Please add this song to my Car playlist.
save song list that just played
Get my video messages from Anna and Samantha
What was my last message yesterday?
Have i texted my mother today?
get me my video messages from my partner Marlee
Has Barriere Camellia messaged me today?
Has the marketing team chat messaged me since last weekend
show me text
Display text messages from my siblings
show my message
grab texts from mother Skye
Has Cole Gohr sent me anything?
let me see video messages from my niece Makayla
I want replies from Greg today
display my texts from Calvin
lets see my video messages from my auntie
Has the graduation thread messaged me since Tuesday
Read yesterdays mesages
Keep reading that message.
Read me all messages sent between 8 AM and 12 PM.
get me video messages from Archer
i want to see video messages from my daughter
have i received any messages from my wife this week?
grab messages from my life partner
Read me dads message from yesterday
retrieve my text messages on Facebook
Has the gym buddies chat messaged me since Wednesday
Read this message instead.
Did Jack message me last night?
let me see my video messages from grandpa Ashley
get me messages from my nana
grab my messages from Aria
lets see messages from my nana
what are video messages from my brother
Has Max sent me anything via WhatsApp
show me video messages from my papa Saylor
Has my family sent me anything
display my texts on Facebook
Did my grandson message me this week?
display my texts from my granddaughter
Show me video messages from Hannah via WhatsApp
grab messages from Nyla
i want to see texts from cousin Maria
Did my family text me
lets see my texts from my wife Brycen
What is there to do this weekend
anything to get into tonight
Events in Berkeley this weekend
any parties i should check out
Where can I catch a concert this evening
What's going on on Tuesday night
Concerts the week of Christmas in Boise please
What events will take place in January
any comedy shows to go to on monday
List of events in Chicago next week
What volleyball games are going on this weekend in St. Louis
Events in Texas
Can you get more events similar to Ghost House Opening Day please?
any concerts in new york today
whats going on tonight
Are there any Choir performances on the 24th Midnight in South Miami
Things to do next Friday
Any concerts next week
Downtown Deland events starting after 10 pm this weekend
Anything cool happening in Springfield tomorrow
search for music events in los angeles
show me more events that are similar to Eat Drink Play Los Gatos
Sports events happening in San Jose today
Fun things to do in Schenectady
Is there anything to do downtown tonight
what's going on next week
Things to do in Detroit in April
Events in Miami
Any rugby match coming up
I'd like you to show me some more gaming events
Any concerts this week
Are there any volleyball matches happening soon
Festivals in Raleigh this month
Will Seattle host any top tier musical talent in 2018
What is going on in Chicago tonight
What concerts are going on in Long Beach this weekend
whats happening on saturday
Can you show me more events please?
I want to see family-friendly events
events in honolulu
Things to do on Sea Island Next Friday Night
what to do in boston on christmas
Things to do in Clevleland next weekend
Tell me what food festivals will be going on in September for Des Moines
Music events in Lynchburg this weekend
What is the longest event tonight
Things to do in Portland this weekend please
movies playing tonight
Is the event in PA
List of concerts in LA next week
Concerts in Dallas this month
What's happening in Brunswick tomorrow night
What events are going on tomorrow
Anything in San Francisco this weekend
does the orchestra play tonight in sf
Tell me what is going on in Tampa next month
What should I see next week in Mt Dora
recommend events that are family friendly
Oak Glen events for next week
things to do today
please find me something fun to do tonight
Is there anything to do in Headland Friday night
Tell me what volleyball games are happening on Thursday
Is there anything interesting to do in Oconto tonight
is there anything interesting to do this week
Any cool parties this weekend
What fun things could I do in Las Vegas next weekend
Where can I have fun in the morning
What's happening in Athens in two weeks
Major political events in Washington D.C. this week
is there any music events today
Is the event cancelled downtown
Display art shows happening Sunday
Big events in New York City on New Years Eve
Show me some other live music events
what concerts are coming up
Things to do in Burbank next week
Events in Jacksonville tonight
tell me about things going on in Atlanta tonight
Fun things to do over the weekend
Is anything showing tonight
Things to do in Illinois
Suggest something to do
Any special events in Riverside this weekend
What sporting events are happening this weekend in Charlotte
Events in Philadelphia today
things to do in Orlando next week
Events this weekend in Navarre
Movies playing next week in Corpus Christi
musicals in windham this weekend
show me events I'm invited to
school band performance in macomb tomorrow
Things to do in Hawaii tonight
Anything fun going on tonight
Are there any events going on downtown right now
whats the coolest thing going on in Napa this weekend
Any soccer games
What's happening in atlanta
What's going on this month
What is happening this weekend locally
What events are happening in Los Angeles this weekend
Find me rugby games in Glendale in August
what is happening in miami tomorrow
Anything fun to do on a Wednesday night
What can we do this Sunday in Steamboat Springs
Dinner theater Plays in New Hope tonight
Comedy events after 9 PM tomorrow
Music events in Tacoma this weekend
Anything going down tonight
is there a concert this weekend
Recommend me some events in Petersburg
down town appleton events in april
any events today in LA
events next month in Los Angeles
what are the current events in washington DC
Anything lit this weekend in Waikiki
is there anything fun happening in Grand Rapids tonight
things to do in nyc on tuesday
Recommend some ice hockey games in Joplin for Friday
Are there any sports games on Sunday in Milwaukee
Sports events in St Augustine this month
what is going on in the french quarter right now
What are the top things to do in Indianapolis this weekend
What concerts are in Los Angeles this weekend
What concerts take place in Austin on Saturday
I want to do something tonight
sporting events on sunday
is there any live music in wilmington tonight
is there anything fun going on tonight
Is there a softball match on Tuesday
fun things to do in Olean this weekend
Music events in Sioux falls next weekend
What sporting events are happening this weekend
What's happening in New York
what is there to do in vegas next saturday
Things to do in Seattle next week
Which symphony orchestra performance should I go see in Chicago this Saturday
Things to do in Montreal this Friday
Things to do in Montgomery Alabama
show me popular events in Dayton
Any music event in Provo this week
Are there any concerts in Tulsa tonight
What is the biggest event coming to Seattle next month
can I go see a concert in LA over the weekend
put the call from tom on hold
Hold the line.
when did amanda go to wneu
what year did abby start medical school
How long have you studied at MIB?
When did John attend Millsaps?
Has Jessica attented Forrect College before?
When did Ana finish the High school level?
When did I start at ECU?
How long did Gail attend school?
What year did Mike graduate college?
Should I wear flip flops?
Please tell me the weather for Wales
Is it going to be warm today?
Tell me weather information for California
how about the fort collins forecast
is a cozzy a good idea for today
Tell me the temperature outside
Forecast for Devon
what's the forecast looking like for Chicago next week?
what is the high today
Will it be above 60 in C for Mumbai today
Will the weather be good this weekend in Cowes
Will there be hail tomorrow?
Do you think I should take an umbrella today?
Will there be snow between here and Nashville in the next two days
Look up the weather in France
Is rain in the forecast for Philly tomorrow?
Is the weather forecast rain for the weekend?
Temperature dublin tonight c
What is the weather on January 4th in Paracas
Is there a chance for thunderstorms in my area?
Hungary weather forecast.
What will the temperature be like this afternoon?
are wind gusts forecast for the Gorge this weekend?
Will it reach 50 degrees tonight
what is the temperature forecast for today/
Check the weather for 6pm
Should I wear mittens?
will it hit Florida
Let me know the weather on friday
Can you bring light jackets on our vacation in Nashville, Tennessee next week
Can I have the weather for next Christmas?
Weather Christmas day.
What's the weather like in Austin TX. today
What is the average temperature for the New England states in June?
List the days that have temp higher than 50 degree this week
Will it rain in Elysburg, PA today?
What is the humidity today
What is the forecast for Brooklyn on Wednesday?
WHAT IS THE WEATHER DOING
I need to know what the weather will be like over the weekend
When is it supposed to stop raining
Is it rainy on Wednesday
Is it raining in Seattle?
Weather for the 8th June please.
Are there any storms headed my way this week?
What's the weather like in Brooklyn
What is the temperature outside right now?
what is the weather like outside now?
What's the weather like in Tanzania?
what's the weather like in alabama
How many days this week will it rain?
How cold is it at Beijing in degree fahrenheit
give me the afternoon weather
weather for Abingdon on Thames
is a storm coming?
F temperature
Show me the forecast for northern france.
Temperature inside tomorrow morning Fahrenheit
Weekend weather forecast
will it snow in barstow today
Should I expect any rain today
what is the weather locally
How long will it be raining today?
Will there be rain in Bernheim Forest Area next weekend
should I be concerned about this area flooding over the next few days?
What is the temperature in Granger, Iowa right now?
What's the weather like in Swindon?
what is the temperature going to be today at Disney?
What have they forecast for this Monday?
What weather is expected this Friday at 8pm?
Am I going to need a jacket downtown Portland tonight?
How many inches of snow did we get?
How is the weekday weather looking?
will it be hot today?
Tell me this weekend's weather in Blackpool
What is the weather like for Florida?
What is the 10-day forecast?
what is the today's weather forecast in chicago city
What is the temperature in Afghanistan?
Do I need an umbrella when I go out tonight?
How hot is it in Australia
Saturday afternoon what will the forecast be?
Is it around 4 in F mumbai tomorrow
what's the weather fixing to be at nine
What is the weather in Houston?
what's the weather going to be at 8?
WILL IT RAIN TODAY?
any rain in vanuatu
What will the weather be like at 5pm on Christmas Day
weather in my town
why not the weather
weather on 12/15/2017
How hot is it today in New York degrees Celsius
What's the hourly forecast for tomorrow
weather for monday
What is the forecast this weekend?
what's the weather tomorrow at cocoa beach
Temperature tomorrow morning dublin f
It was so hot that I could not take more than 10 minutes outside
Should I bring a jacket for my trip to Seattle this weekend?
What's the weather prediction for tomorrow?
Is it foggy this morning
how hot is the weather in dubai?
Please tell me what is the weather in Paris, France
Tell me the weather conditions for this afternoon
Is there a monsoon warning for Phoenix this week?
Will I need sunscreen in Miami Saturday or will it be overcast?
What is the temperature in Spokane?
what is the temperature going to be friday
Will it snow later this afternoon?
What is the temperature going to be this evening
How much snow will Milwaukee get?
Could you tell me the weather in Paris?
What's the forecast for Easter in Scotland
Should I expect fog this evening?
are more thunderstorms coming
Should I pack a sweater tomorrow?
What type of weather is in Spain?
What time are they calling for thunderstorms?
Can you tell me the temperature?
Is their rain in the forecast today?
How long is it going to rain for today
Do I need to bring my umbrella to work tomorrow?
Will I need an umbrella tonight?
Weather tempreture at 11.30pm.
Should I pack light or heavy for the camping trip this weekend?
Will it be 90 tomorrow
will it snow tonight?
What is the temperature for Barcelona, Spain?
Do I need a coat this morning?
what's the temp?
What's the weather like?
Give me the forecast for the morning of 18th may.
What is the forecast for Sunday?
What's it like out
In what season can I expect there to be hurricanes in Miami
what is the 8 day forecast
What's the warmest day this week?
this weekends forecast please
Is it below 56 in degree f here today
what is the tropical weather update?
Is there a thunderstorm watch?
Is it around 49 in degree F out there
Update on the weather for 4:00pm please
Should I bring a hat
Should I bring an umbrella to the game tonight?
what is the weather going to be like this weekend?
will I need to shovel snow in the morning
Is it hot enough to fry an egg on the pavement today?
Weather for this sunday afternoon
what is the current temperature in Denver
Are we getting snow?
Will I need to wear a coat today?
is there snow today?
Read the weather out to me.
What will the humidity be today?
Is it going to be below 8 in degrees Celcius at Boston today
is it raining in the bronx
will I need an umbrella today
How's the weather looking in Prague?
Are we under a tornado watch?
Are there any weather watches right now?
Weather in Fahrenheit?
What will the weather be like in Atlanta tomorrow morning?
What is the humidity percentage for today?
Will I need rain boots tomorrow?
I'd like to know the weather this afternoon.
What's the weekend forecast
Temperature
Will it be sunny next weekend?
What will the weather be like next Friday?
Weather at 9am?
Please tell me the forecast is for 10 January, ta.
is tuesday going to be sunny
Is it around 29 degree F outside tomorrow
Will it be hot at the weekend
Show me the weather in Kandy, Sri Lanka
Will it be cold in Estes Park, CO tomorrow?
Will it be sunny on saturday
rain in chandler
can you tell me tomorrow's forecast in half moon bay?
When is it going to rain?
Is it sunny tomorrow
when is it going to snow
what's the weather looking like for 7 this morning
Will it be rainy tomorrow at 2:00 p.m.?
Is it gonna rain tonight?
Are we going to have an earthquake
Will it be below 70 f inside tonight
How cold is it shanghai in Fahrenheit
How is the weather like, please?
Is there an ice advisory
Tell me what the weather is like in Queensland?
What's the forecast next Tuesday night?
Tell me about the weather this afternoon
should I bring a umbrella?
Temperature tonight sao paulo fahrenheit
Next week's forecast?
What's the forecast for Kenya?
What is the weather in Roswell, New Mexico today?
What is the weather like today in Austin
what is the forecast for christmas eve in santorini, Greece?
Is it going to be around 89 in degrees C for Karachi tonight
Is it going to be above 90 degrees F outside tomorrow morning
I need to know the weather forecast for the next 10 days please.
Do I need to carry a jacket tomorrow
please let me know the forecast for Perth tomorrow
When is the temperature going to break
How warm is it next week around Dublin in degree Celsius
Tell me about the weather for next weekend
Is it supposed to drizzle today?
What's the weather forecast for Melbourne?
What is the weather forecast for the next 5 days in Spain?
Will it get below 32 degrees tonight
How hot will it be this weekend in Toronto
do i need sunglasses today?
How cold is it outside?
Is it going to snow in Canada today?
Weather for Christmas in New York please
how low does the humidity get this time of year
is it going to be a cold winter
How many inches of rain have fallen?
I need to know if it's going to rain
what is the water temperature at Grand Haven Beach today
Will it be around 48 in fahrenheit out there today
How humid is it in Jakarta now
Please tell me the weather for 9:30am.
Tell me about the weather at the weekend.
storms today?
what is the temp in New York for Sunday
Is it going to storm today?
What's the London weather?
What is the weather going to be like tomorrow?
Weather forecast for Mexico.
Should I bring a long sleeve shirt?
What will the weather be like on Saturday
Yesterday was awfully hot and I would like to know what the yesterday's temperature was
should I wear a pinafore tomorrow
Will it be icy today
should I expect rain
What is the temperature in Los Angeles today?
how bad are the storms in phoenix right now
will it snow on mt lemmon tomorrow
Is it going to be around 60 in degree celcius chicago
Can you tell me the weather between 10am to 4pm in London?
what is fall weather like in Idyllwild CA?
do i need to wear a jacket today?
what is the wind like today
Whats the high for today?
Is it going to be above 69 in F new york
Is it gonna snow in my area
is there going to be a hail this evening?
What is the temperature in Sacramento, CA?
How hot is it?
What is the weather going to be this weekend?
is it going to sunny tomorrow morning
Is it cooler today than it was yesterday?
Is there a tornado watch today?
is it going to be hot tomorrow?
What is today's forecast?
is there a tornado watch for this area in the next week
France's current weather forecast
Are there any weather alerts in my area
how much rainfall is expected in Bantam
What's the weather forecast in Seattle this week
What's the weather in the evening?
Is it going to be cloudy tonight
What's the forecast for Tuesday
Will is snow the rest of this week
what's going to be the low temperature tonight?
Forecast for Paris.
Show me the current forecast for my area
Is it raining in Arlington, TX?
will it rain at 5 pm
What's the weather like today in Newport News
temperature for this week
how much rain should I expect for tomorrow?
Show me a five day forecast
Show me Danvers 10 day forecast
Can I wear sandals?
AROUND WHAT TIME WILL IT START RAINING?
Temperature next week in Menlo Park c
Can I have the weather for Trento?
How warm is it today
how humid is it
how windy is it on the beach
London  UK weather forecast please
Search the weather in Rome on Thursday
what is the weather in Florida for the next 5 days
Is it raining in Lincoln?
Do I need an umbrella today
What's the weather like out there?
Is it going to frost tonight
What will the weather be like on Monday morning.
How many inches of rain
How hot will it get today in Celsius?
what is the weather like this week
How hot will it get today?
Sunny tomorrow afternoon?
get me the forecast for London,England please
is it hot outside?
When is the rain going to start
What will be the weather like late evening?
give me the current weather forecast for 5pm on friday
What's the forecast like this evening?
Will it be below 4 in C in Shanghai
What is the temperature in Michigan
current weather conditions for my city
should I bring a jacket
Will it be below 91 F around Seattle tomorrow
Weather at 8am tomorrow
How many degrees in Thailand?
Is the sun going to come out?
what are the rain predictions for this week
What is the current temperature today?
Tell me the weather forecast for Melbourne
Will this weekend be good for sailing?
What's the temperature right now in Taipei?
Weather for Paris, France
tomorrow's weather in phoenix
What is the current snow level in Big Bear?
I need to know the weather in Sweden please
increase the alarm duration to 5 minutes
change my do shopping alarm to 9am
Add 20min to the alarm so I can get more rest
Modify my alarm to 8pm
repeat the alarm every day
I need to change my alarm
Revise the alarm to tomorrow
change my next alarm
Fast forward my alarm by 20 minutes
Replay my most listened to track from yesterday.
Repeat this song one more time
repeat the song again
last playlist again
Can I listen to that song again
Replay this song
Repeat Beyonce
play the song over
play song again
Can I listen to that list again
I need you to tell me when the second event starts
Tell me when Unicorn starts
I want you to tell me when this event begins
start family call
call Karter through whatsapp
Please call A Holder
start  video call with Joe
I'd like to talk with Angelica lara
call Andrew Larsen Randolph
i'd like to call 5550937  on my Pixel
Please start call with Conner and Oscar on Whatsapp
please call Catherine right away
begin call with Reed Lucero with WhatsApp
call Cecilia 's girlfriend
call Samuel X
please phone call 555-4772 on Messenger
call Gabriel
dial Shaun Nguyen
please make a group call for my family
call Jack one
call Beckham my father
call my Whatsapp contact Ayden Padilla
ping Phillip
Start a video chat with Maddison Donovan, Evan Cote, Hugo Guzman, and Patrick Chang
can you please use Messenger to call Jeremiah
give the grandfather of Justin a call
call my sisters in law please
call dr hungarland please
call Billie
Lets call Mika now
ring up Max
call Javon Nicholson through whatsapp
can you please call Richard Adams on Messenger
call Frances in my Whatsapp contacts
i want to start a call with lisa
could you call the partner of Greyson
call Kaley Martorella 's granddaughter
call Charlie Hill right away
Start dialing Mary
phone a sister
Call Billy's cell number
video call with Brandon Tara
call Elaina Baxter with Messenger please
Make a call to Gita.
place a call to Jeremiah, Dalton, Dakota and Paulina
go ahead and call Victor
try giving a call to Brandon Saint
Telephone stepbrother
Call Ezekiel Daxton Farley for me
call Delilah my sibling
call Arturo Malika Haydal 's spouse
i want to create a group call
call my friend Andy Nelson on WhatsApp
Start a video call with my bro.
call Mario Lindsey WhatsApp
Please start a call in an hour with Mike
Start video call with uncles
Can we do an video call with the Salsa group on Whatsapp
please dial Addisyn Paul right away
call Francene Haldane 's father
Give them a call
please dial Ryann Small right away
contact Reagan Webster with Messenger
call Steven and Matthew
i want to touch base with Katelyn Patton
call Jazmin 's granddaughter
please call my nephew
call Aubree 's sister
call Nikolai through whatsapp
call Gunner Burns on video in Whatsapp
Initiate video call with my friends Emilie, Bennett, Mallory, and Ezekiel on Slack
Call uncle at home
call Ezekiel Macdonald through whatsapp
Call Genny
Call Josh
call Christina Harvey
call Oscar two
give Christopher Thomas's mom a call
call Dylan 's aunt
Send call to Aaron
ring dad's phone
i have to call them
Call grandmothers.
call Francy Carrol Briggs
call Kevin Potter from my Whatsapp contacts
call Ana L
Call Goldie now
call My aunt Zackary Conley and my mother Angelo
Ring spouse's cell
make a whatsapp call to Raegan
call Isabelle 's boyfriend
give my brother a call
call Julianna 's auntie
Ring Jack for me.
try give Espinosa Nancy a call
video call Brandon Saint
call my Whatsapp contact Amaya Trujillo
please dial mommy
I want to call Samantha right away
start call to mommy
call Pedro using Whatsapp video chat
Make a voice call to Tsvetina
Initiate call with my friends Marissa, Jakob, Rachel, and Ross on Discord
dial 555-7533
call Londyn Steele call Rowan Salinas in Whatsapp
call my beautiful partner
WhatsApp call Justin
call Guillermo Hernandez via WhatsApp
call Whatsapp Isaac Barnett
Let's make a call with cake group on Whatsapp
call math teacher
call Evelyn cell
I'd like to call my cousins Gary and Tom right now
call Whatsapp Karina
call Carolina Maxwell and Katie Mcleod for me
Make a phone call with Edgar, Jacquelyn, Moses, and Colin
call Madalynn Burch
Call Jude Gavin Miles now
call 7105553393
call filing clerk
call Gregory Adkins
call Jenna Pierce
Ring my dad.
Go ahead and start a call with joey please
ring Malcolm Robertson
make a call to Makayla's kid
call Kerr and Sheppard
Can you dial my friends for me
Give Ally a call
call Helen
call Emerson using Whatsapp video chat
place a call to Mia Caldwell, Drake Quinn, Melvin Keith and Brisa Blankenship
call Easton Valdez's kid Valeria Walter
Can you call KL Luna
Call Makayla Aspen Russo for me
contact Clara Lambert
Create a call with Sean Hogan, Chelsey Mcgee, Nathanael Jennings, and Kade Solis
get me Sherell Grotzinger
call Kathleen number four
Please make a call to Liana
video call Jackson
call stepmother
ring my mom
call surgeon
call Emma 's nephew
Start a call with Cyndy
call Marc Anthony
let's call Graham on WhatsApp
Call Remington Kayson Merritt for me
call my group
dial 3675553669
Please call susie
call Kim right away
Place a call with Psychology
dial camille
Give my mum a buzz
WhatsApp call Rex Schroeder
Initiate video call with my friends Jackson, Miguel, Dylan, and Kaitlyn on Messenger
try giving call to Jordan
call dispatcher
call Jasmine Logan Mcmahon
Ring Katy
try giving a call to ira Gonzales
call granny
give Holland a call
please call Liam's uncle Joseph Best
Please call Imogen
Start a video call with my wife.
call Whatsapp Lena
call Susan WhatsApp
Initiate video call with my friends Viviana, Graham, Alex, and Zion on Skype
Ring stepparents
start call to my daughters now
call my wife Carolyn through WhatsApp
call dad
call Dinah A Dawson
call daughters
start calling the brother of Lyla
go ahead and call Allena Grandos
please dial Danielle right away
connect me with my mom
please call Gunner Burns's sibling
please call Skyler on Messenger
Please call my stepdad
Please call my aunts.
call Carolyn number one
Call my father.
Please call Sophie
i'd like to call Kali Fox in WhatsApp
give dad a call
call the third Richard
WhatsApp call Larry
place a call to Eleanor Farmer, Cindy Thornton, Corbin Salas and Joy Buchanan
WhatsApp call to Elizabeth
I need to speak to Nickey
wanna make a call to Brandon ira
reach out to her by a call
call Viviana 's aunt
video call Kerry
Can you please call my uncle.
call Juliette 's daughter
give the father of Roman Mueller a call
Please call Ruby Callie Mclean
Get Jenny on the phone please
call Steven two
Please call Logan and Brandi
call with Investing group on Whatsapp
Call Mayra.
Place a video call with knitting
can you call Briana using Messenger
call up Ryan and Kameron Alvarez
Call my cousin on WhatsApp for me
start a call with Taniya Mccann with WhatsApp
Please call Amy
Phone my brother
call Whatsapp David Yang
Get aunt for me.
on whatsapp call Isabella's cell
call grandsons
Can you try to call Brian?
call Aaron on video with Whatsapp
using Messenger call River Robertson
send phone call invitation to my fathers in law
Dial Maria
Give Ollie a call.
call family group please
try giving call to Nancy Austin
set up a group call
I'd like to call Nicole Gilmore Shelton
Phone Paul
Call Wilkerson.
make a whatsapp call to Michelle Edwards
call Arielle 's partner
dial Adonis right away
connect me with stepbrother
we are gonna call Elias Valdez now
Please call my doctor
get me my brother
What time is sunset tonight
What time is sunset today in Asheville
What time does the sun go down
Sundown is at what time?
does Lili live in Asheville
Where does Chelsey live?
Does Jason live in Richmond?
Is it true that Paul lives in Garden Grove?
give me the address to Jasons work
Show me Tim's home address?
Where in Seattle does Jane live?
Does Liz live in New York city
tell me where Ahmed live.
Did Tom graduate from Jacksonville
Where does OJ Simpson live currently?
What's Chris's address?
Does Jessica live in New York?
Does Peter live in Los Angeles?
show me Manuel's work location ?
Please give me Tara's home address
Check to see if Paul lives in Cheshire still.
Where do my friends live in Mexico?
What is Li's home address?
What is Kris work address?
Where does Vanessa live?
Where does Aly live now?
I need you to tell me the location of this event
Where is Troy from?
Where does maged work?
Where does Brad live?
Where was Mariah Carey born?
Is Beth still living in Columbus?
Where does Liam live
Where is James living now?
Do the Smiths live in Butler?
does sam live and work in denver?
Does John live in Madison?
Is Tara's employer in New Jersey?
Does Elizabeth work in Queens or Manhattan?
Is Bill still living in Ogden?
not going to that that event
I'm no longer interested in Gardening for Biodiversity in a Climate Crisis
change my status to not going for Burning Man
set my status as not going for C-ID Night Market
rsvp no to Giants at Patriots
change my status to not going for that event
set my status as not going for Unicorn
Change my status to can't go for this event
Please get rid of that reminder to have the oil changed in the Saturn.
Cancel my reminder to pay my phone bill.
delete the reminder to submit the paper on Friday night.
Delete reminder to buy cereal
Cancel the reminder to call the Eastern zone office
Remove reminder to pick up my sister.
Get rid of the reminder to go to the movies with Pauli on Sunday.
I don't need the reminder about my dad's party.
Nix the reminder for my 2pm racket ball game.
Get rid of the reminder about finishing up the hummus in the fridge
Get rid of the PTO meeting reminder for tomorrow
clear any remaining reminders
Remove the reminder for Eliot to call Bill
Remove the reminder to pick up my niece.
Delete all my reminders for this Friday.
Delete the reminder about the open house.
cancel my reminder to get tacos for dinner dads cooking steaks instead.
take all reminders off for next week
Get rid of the reminder about my cousin's event.
Dinner party reminder that is suppose to go off in 30 minutes needs to be removed now please.
Delete all reminders about attending the counseling appointments.
Cancel the reminder to make lasagne tomorrow.
delete the reminder about my doctor appointment
delete the reminder about picking up James
Remove the reminder to call the answering service.
Remove the reminder to go on a bike ride
Remove the reminder to bring cupcakes to cooking class on Saturday.
Delete my reminder for the 4 pm interview appointment for tomorrow
Cancel my reminder to meet Lily tomorrow night
Cancel reminder for tomorrow
Delete my reminder to send a gift to Brent, it's already done
dealt my remider about buying the cake on saterday
Delete at the swimming lesson reminders.
Cancel the reminder about the movie on August 2nd.
Cancel my reminder to walk the dog
Cancel party reminder on Sunday
remove my reminder to send an email to my handyman.
Cancel school meeting reminder next week on friday
Delete reminder for my brother's family dinner next Saturday evening.
Okay, cancel my reminder about Papa's party tomorrow.
Delete my reminder about Saturday's garage sale.
Delete my reminder about Southwest Airlines.
Please, delete the reminder about calling my brother tomorrow morning
Get rid of any reminders for the bus tour this coming weekend
Delete reminder to buy dog food
Delete my reminder for lunch tomorrow.
Remove the alert for baking cookies for the bake sale on Friday
Remove my reminder for dinner on Wednesday.
remove all the reminders about calling mark about the job fair
I have had to reschedule the conference, please cancel reminder
Delete the alert for my date on Saturday.
Remove all reminders about work
Remove the alert about dinner with Jan on Thursday.
Remove the alert on my reminder about hair appointment
Remove the reminder for Saturday about getting the oil changed on my truck.
Scratch reminder for dinner with Dave this Friday at 8pm.
Remover the reminder for the post office box renewal
delete the reminder for tonight's baseball game. it's raining.
Cancel reminder to get gift for patty's party.
Please remove all reminders for the Cycle Group for the rest of this year.
Delete my reminder for Sunday.
Remove any reminder that include Susan
Remove my payday reminders for last month
Delete my reminder about my Skype session with Joshua
I can't got to concert anymore, cancel that alert.
delete my reminder to pick up dry cleaning on tuesday
remove reminder to return office equipment wednesday
cancel tomorrows doctors appointment reminder
get rid of the reminders for cleaning.
Cancel the reminder for breakfast
Delete the reminders I have set for Saturday after noon.
delete the reminder to call my mom tomorrow.
please remove all our reminders
Remove the reminder to call Sam tonight
i need a 6 minute timer
set timer for twenty minutes
give me a timer that will last 2 hours
set timer for twenty seconds
Set timer for 23 minutes.
set my timer to 60 mins?
I want you to set a timer for one hour
Start the timer in 2 hours
set timer to go off in one hour
will you fix a timer
set timer for 2 min 30 sec
Set timer for 2 hours.
start a timer for 30 minutes
Set a timer to go off in 4 hours
set the timer for 12 years please
Set timer to 10 seconds
set timer for 16 seconds
I want to set a timer for thirteen minutes
set a timer for the cake
Start the timer now.
Schedule a timer
set a timer for an hour at 8 pm.
Can you start a new timer?
Give me a five minute timer.
Set my timer for 15 minutes
Set timer for two minutes
Set timer for 3 hours.
Start a 12-minute meditation timer.
set a 30 second timer and a three hour timer and three hour timer
set a 8 minute timeout timer
Set 10 minute timer to start in 1 hour
Start my timer.
introduce timer that will last seven seconds
SET A TIMER FOR 8 HOURS
set timer at 4 minutes
Set a timer.
set seven minute timer and one hour and twenty minute timer and ten minute timer
Set a timer to pull cookies out of the oven in 12 minutes
Are you able to set a timer for exactly 62 seconds
Set timer for 1 hour.
start my timer now
put up one timer for 25 minutes and eight seconds and another timer for 30 minutes
set a timer for my pot roast
set two timers one for 1 minute one for 15 minutes
Set the countdown for 10 minutes
start two timers one for three hours and one for 7 minutes
start my daily workout timer
Set workout time for 20 minutes.
set a timer for 29 years
Start the second timer
set timer to know when to stop the oven
can you set a timer for 40 mins
please set a timer for 2 hours
Schedule a 50 minute timer at 2pm
Create a second timer for 3 hours
Set a timer for every 15 minutes
set a timer for half an hour
Set my timer for every 2 hours.
Please set my timer for 30 minutes.
Set timer for 15 seconds.
Time how long I swim.
Start me a half hour timer
Set a timer for a half an hour and then 45 minutes
set oven timer for 40 minutes
Set timer for 45 minutes
set my timer for 6 minutes
Set a timer for one minute.
Create a workout timer that ends in 30 minutes
Start a one hour timer
Set the timer for 10 mins
make one timer for two and three quarters hours and a second for 15 minutes and a third for one and a quarter hours
Can you set timer to one hour
set a task timer for 1 hour max
Set timer for 50 minutes.
Set a cookie timer
create timer for squats
Please add a timer today for 60 minutes
Set timer sound
start a timer at 8am when i wake up
start time now
Set timer 20 min
Start a plank timer
create 80 second timer and two hour timer and ten second timer
Set timer for two hours.
Please change this video call to a voice call.
Im finished with video calling, switch back to audio
put on  the video calling mode  now
switch from phone call to video calling
Switch the current call to a video call.
stop video on this current call
switch video call to voice call
Change to video call
What is Bona's job ?
I didn't want to hear that song.
Delete that song on my playlist.
delete this song from my playlist
Never play this song
show me contacts of my brother
I want to know if anyone works at Walmart.
Who was Gayle Kings ex husband?
How many of my friends live in Boise?
Show me people with a Bachelor of Arts degree
I need to know who lives in Phoenix.
How many friends live in Giza?
do i know anyone who lives in north carolina
Do I know anyone in San Francisco?
which friend of mine is graduated from Havard.
do any friends live in canada?
Show sons in law birthdays
do i have friends from new york
do i know anybody from hawaii
find me art majors from Stanford
Who do Mr. Teagle know that was born on October 14th?
who is Brad's friend Scott?
Who works in Cupertino?
Who graduated from BUE last year?
Who works at the movie theater?
How many people do I know in Philadelphia?
Anyone with a degree from FAMU
show me who Katie Kipson's mom is
Tell me who's friends with my sister
Friends of Carol.
who lives in ohio
Display Nola grandmas birthdays on the screen
tell me who was employed at Microsoft
Who works in Seattle
Did any of my friends go to Harvard?
Who lives in Ithaca?
Who graduated from U W Oshkosh in Wisconsin?
Which of Kerry Austin fathers in law have birthdays coming up?
friends of my sister
Tell me who works for Appen?
who works in palo alto
List friends of Brian
Do I know anyone who lives in spanaway?
Show me Tiny Feno mothers birthdays
Friends of Molly.
I want to see Whitehorse mommies upcoming birthdays
Do i have any friends attending BYU?
Any of my family graduate from Yale?
who works at water works
Who do I know that went to truck driving school?
Tell me who works for a printing company
Show all Kallie grannies upcoming birthdays
What friend is from Seattle?
Please list the people who work at Solix
show me a list of my son's friends
Does any of my friends live in Miami?
who's in Maine that I know
List Logan O Dads upcoming birthdays
List my friends working at Phillips company
List Von Uncles upcoming birthdays
Friends of my aunt.
Did any of my friends go to Concordia ?
Friends of Adelaide's
Friends of Wesley.
Do you know who went to UNLV?
Does Michelle Obama have any siblings?
How many friends does troy have?
Friends of Amber.
Who works at MAC
Who is Kelly's husband?
Do I know anyone that went to Penn State University?
Show all Roni Stoneman grand daughters upcoming birthdays
Did any of friends graduate from Baylor university?
friends of courtney
Show Sulek Mina kiddoes upcoming birthdays
Tell who works at Xfinity?
Who knows me?
Do I know any Tulane students?
What birthdays are coming up in on the 20th of December?
Anyone I know who went to Tacoma Community College
Any of my friends living in LA?
I want to see Bernard Vacarro uncles upcoming birthday on the screen
Put Chun managers upcoming birthdays on the screen
who became friends with Anna recently?
Who works at Office Depot
How many of my friends went to ERAU?
Mary's friends, please
who are Andy's friends?
show friends of eric
Who is employed at Arby's?
What famous people went to Yale?
Tell me who works at Macys
List all V. Cadle spouses birthdays
joshs friends
Can you find people who are friends with Tom?
Does Samantha Watt have a stepmom?
Who just graduated from UNC recently?
Who works at TCBY?
Do i know any one from Ohio
Who currently lives in the Dominican Republic?
name who are mini's friends
Which of my friends attended UM?
Who of my friends has lived in Chicago?
Mario's friends
Tell me Alexander Persall grandkids birthdays
Who do I know that works at Chili's
Which of Cheryll Russnak fathers were born on on January 18th, 1967
Show all rob uncles upcoming birthdays
Do any of my friends live on 2nd street?
Who works at the DOE?
Tell me who works at IHOP
list friends in Portland
Do I have friends who graduated from UCLA?
Show Camie Softich spouses birthdays to me
Who works for Lowes?
Who do I know who went to JMU?
can we find my friend from greece
Who works for Napa?
Put Strassel sisters in law upcoming birthdays on the screen
Who works for Toyota now?
does anybody live in chicago?
I need you to show the friends app
Can you display my friend on the screen please
Tell me who works at Starbucks
Did anyone of my friends graduate from UCLA
Do know anyone in  France?
Show me people in Arizona
search for the cousin of Meghan
Can you tell me if I have any missed calls please?
Did I miss any phone calls
List calls I've made today
Did I call Rihanna back?
Did John video call me yesterday?
do i have any missed video calls from today
Who called me yesterday?
successful calls history
have i had any missed calls this afternoon?
Did I call Dad today?
Delete Enya play list
tell me more about who raquel is
Who is Adam?
Can you give me some details about who Lisa is?
What does Leslie like to do?
What can you tell me about Bob?
what do you know about katy
Show me Lily's Facebook profile
Who is Sylvia?
Tell me something about Carter.
Who is George?
Who is Li's friend Sam?
Tell me about rob?
Who is jack
talk to me about shirley
Tell me about Emily's friends.
I want information about Steve's brother Todd
What information do you know about Bob?
Give me details about Barb.
who is jo
find me how many albums does Shakira has?
Tell me about Tina
cancel the timer for Greenleaf
Cancel all future timers
cancel this timer please
Please delete my 7 am timer
End walk timer
Please delete the timer I just started and begin a new one.
Get rid of the sleeping timer
delete all old timers
Delete the coffee timer
Delete the timer.
remove all timers
Delete timer history
Don't send it to Braylen
I need a Spanish recipe for rice
FIND A GOOD RECIPE FOR BROWNIES
What is a healthy recipe for a dessert
how do you make ketchup
how do I make pie
show me the recipe for meatloaf
How do I cook deer
I need a recipe for enchiladas with chicken
How do I make a perfect over easy egg
what is the best way to cook fish
Get me recipes from Zanzibar
what is the recipe for arroz con pollo
Look for vegan mac and cheese recipes
How to make homemade pot pie
Tell me how to make wheat bread
Find me an French recipe
Find me an easy pasta recipe, please
recipe for sugar cookies gluten-free
What can I make with eggs, flour, ham, noodles, cheese, and onions
recipe for curry roasted carrots
I need a recipe for cookies
What is the recipe for Tres Leches Cake
How do I make a gluten free cake
show me a spicy chicken recipe
how to bake a chicken
please read the recipe
How to make a cake without egg
show me Bobby Flay brunch recipes
Home made pizza recipes
Easy vegan recipes
How do you make roux for gravy
What's a good cookie recipe
Show me easiest way to broil a steak
Most popular recipes for turkey chili
how do I make chicken soup
i need a recipe for pulled pork
give me a recipe for chocolate cake
Find a recipe for Zucchini lasagna.
What is the best recipe for cheese pizza
Find a recipe for vegetarian chili
i need a recipe to bake a thin crust pizza
show me no bake brownie recipes
cook a turkey
look up how to cook mashed potatoes
Gluten free muffin recipe
How do I make zucchini pasta
Recipes without gluten
find me a recipe for pineapple upside down cake that does not use brown sugar
How can I make a frittata
i need a chicken Parmesan crock pot recipe
WHAT'S A BASIC CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE RECIPE
Find me recipes using Greek yogurt
How to make Chinese fried rice
how do you make chicken spaghetti
grilled shrimp marinade recipe
Recipes for teriyaki chicken
How is chicken prepared
Find a recipe for brownies
Find me a tocino pork recipe
what is a gluten free egg free dessert
What is a good crock pot recipe for chicken
Squash casserole recipe
find soul food recipes
Easy lunch ideas for kids
Recipe for blackened fish
How to make bourbon chicken
Find whole 30 recipes
what is asiago cheese used for
what can i do with leftover avocado
Show me chili recipes
I need a vegetarian lasagna recipe
Find me a Korean recipe
How do you cook a roast
sausage pizza recipe
Help me make a quiche
What are the most popular recipes on Food Network
How to make a cheesecake
could you look up a recipe using boneless skinless chicken breast and garlic sauce
what are the steps for vegetarian lasagna
How do I make homemade deep dish pizza
I need a recipe for banana bread without nuts
Find me a greek recipe
Taco recipes
How do you make chicken enchiladas
Find me an easy pasta salad recipe
Cake recipe without eggs
How do I make Huevos Rancheros
How do I make pizza crust
What kind of event is Soul Summit?
What type of event is Tiny Living Festival?
What type of event is Autumn Moon Festival?
too busy now
Change status to unavailable
I cannot talk right now
I do not want to be bothered
i am unavailable now
Show others I am unavailable
I will be available in 2 minutes
Change the mode to unavailable
I am not available right now
Set my current availability as unavailable
set status to busy
Set myself as busy
put my status as busy
Im offline
Set me as inactive
I am unaccesible
put Whatsapp as my default calling
Should I use tequila for Margarita cocktail
Do eggs go into the cornbread recipe
Is there a way to make a cake without an oven
Can i add vanilla to pancakes
can i cook chicken medium rare
do I need measure ingredients for a recipe
Should I drain the pasta before mixing in the sauce
Does Chicken Alfredo have milk in it
will roast dry out if cooked to long
can i grill pizza
is there a vegan version of sloppy joes
Can somebody allergic to coconut have Canola oil
is a pizza more nutritious than a hamburger
is there cream cheese in cheesecake
Do I need to wash raw meat before cooking it
Does the chicken pasta recipe have basil in it
Can you reheat pasta in the microwave
create a playlist called Songs to Sing in the Car
make a playlist called Chill Tracks
Create a playlist of Michael Jackson songs
Create Beyonce playlist
leave this call to switch
leave a call to answer new call
Switch to incoming call
please switch to the other line
Hang up an accept new call and do not allow other calls to come in now
Switch call over
leave current call and switch
Pickup new call and disconnect previous
accept new call and place current call on hold
Where does Marissa attend undergraduate school?
What technical colleges have my friends attended?
Did Joe graduate high school this year?
When did I video chat with Sally?
What time did Simon call me ?
what time did i call dad?
When did my husband call?
When did Jen call me
What time did Alison video call me
When did Granma call me
Change my 3 minute timer to 6 minutes
Pull up existing timer Biking and change the timer to 2 hrs and 10 mins
Change to new timer
change the Proofing timer to 11 minutes
update my Inhaler timer
can you reduce my timer in half
change the timer to 1 and a half hours
Update my dog walking timer
can you reduce the timer in half now
Stop my timer two minutes early please
don't answer this call please
Ignore the call from Mom.
ignore all calls from the moron travis pennington
Ignore calls from my fathers in law Ria
Do not answer any calls from Donald or Eric
Ignore the next call.
Send any calls tonight to voicemail
Got a call, turn it down
Stop the incoming call
Forward call from Spectrum to voice mail.
WHAT TIME IS SUNRISE TOMORROW
What time does the sun come up tomorrow
Hours left before sunrise please?
Accept video calls from Debra
answer the call if its my mom
Answer any incoming calls from the school.
please accept the video call from my cousins
accept the new call
can you pick up ava Brandon's call
pick up current call from my parents
Accept incoming new call
pick up if my niece calls
give me the top hip hop news today
Any update news about Neymar
Give me the local news for New York.
Please tell me news about Hillary Clinton.
Have there been any local stories on the election
Turn the news in half an hour
List headlines
Read my local news update
READ ME THE RECENT WORLD NEWS HEADLINES.
What are the headlines in Europe today?
Any health care news
read me headlines from ABC news
what is local news this morning
top stories please
Show the top Fox News headlines
Can you show me the article?
read some headlines from year 1999
read me the washington post headlines.
Read the news on recent cancer studies
Read me the entertainment news headliness
read the headlines to me
celebrity gossip news please
Read top news stories
Sports News update, please
More details on North Korea
please read me the story about china today
Has any political news changed
I'd like to know crime news in my area.
What are the latest Cnn headlines?
Is there any recent breaking news about Iran?
Can you give me more details about the immigration crisis?
give me recent donald trump news
news about obamas vacations
Any news on Doctor Who?
Who is in the news today?
what is the latest Donald trump news
What are the major headlines according to Google?
Read the details about Donald Trump
details about Cosby trial
what's the latest world news?
Read me sports headlines.
What were the headlines yesterday
What has happened in the news in the last hour?
What are the headlines on the New York Times
produce the news headlines?
read details of Charlottesville
WHAT ARE THE CELEBRITY NEWS UPDATES
readers choice headline
Tell me some local news headlines
Give me news updates.
any important news
Please give me a good headline
share the news
What is the latest news about the US/Mexico border?
WHAT ARE THE DETAILS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP FIRING HIS STAFF?
Tell me the latest news on The Washington Post
show me the housing market headlines
can you give me details about Trump's visit to Mexico?
Give me a news update on Russia
Read me the details about the OJ Simpson trial.
What are some recent sports headlines?
Read me the recent sports headlines?
I want to hear today's entertainment news
Give me information about the news in my state.
can you show las vegas review - journal live news
news about south china sea dispute
jared kushner russian news
show me all US news headlines
News updates on North  Korea
share with me a news from today that is worth knowing
Any new details on the Taylor Swift case?
read me some latest news
Is there any recent news that's not about war
give me the latest news from Washington
Tell me about the national news headlines.
Give me the latest news on North Korea
What's the news about the car ramming protesters incident in Virginia recently?
can you show the daily newyorker live news
Tell me the news headline for NBA
New stories on the  12th space mission?
PLEASE READ DETAILS ABOUT THE CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
read me recent news in st augustine
give me an news update on charlottesville
Breaking world news please
Please read me details on Anderson Cooper's last reports.
What's the New York Times headline?
Any news on Syria?
Ready today's Orlando Sentinel's headlines?
What are the headlines today?
Local news please.
Trump Russia news
Does CNN have any news regarding climate control?
go to fox news
what's yesterday's headlines?
show me latest news from MSNBC
i need an update on election news
What is the latest news on the debt ceiling solutions?
current news in india
provide more details about girls dying in police pursuit who were young kids
What's the latest news in Hollywood
Read details about Disney streaming service article
Can you read current news headlines regarding world news
what is cnn latest news story
What's the latest political news
what is on the local news for today
what's the latest news on Korea?
Read recent news headlines
Read Brigantine headlines
POLITICAL NEWS HEADLINES PLEASE
What are the top news stories of the day?
important news from CNN?
bring me the latest celebrity gossip
Give me a news update.
Give me all news reports on police brutality
news about amd stock
give me the latest news on womens basketball
Read me the local news headlines.
is there any updates in the news
Read my local news headlines
Tell me the top trending news story on CNN this morning.
did the president give any updates today
What is the latest news on Queen Elizabeth this month?
what is the latest news on north korea?
Read latest articles published on News App.
whats going on in local news
gimme today's good news
Give me the quick low-down on world news.
news headlines from nbc
news about russia
What is the latest headlines?
details about trumps latest press conference
Can you give me details about the last election
Can you give me more details about Virginia?
read all news on magnolia, texas
Latest news on north korea
Are there any news updates
is there any news on the accident
what are the most recent news headlines for Honolulu
What's Fox News' most recent headlines
I want the latest news on Channel 11 CBS
What are my local news headlines?
is there any news about the election
tell me the news in the last day
Fort Lauderdale news
Read the headlines on CNN?
play news from london
what are the headline for orlando florida
Show me latest articles on North Korea conflict
Headlines on CNN please
Give me more details about the issue of net neutrality
Tell me the news from this morning
Headlines related to the US and North Korea
play mexican news
what was Roland Martin's most recent news report
What are the recent news at the international level
Current news on Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump after trumps threats
Show me the Newsy news
What is the recent news About Debbie Wasserman
What is the local news in Flagstaff Arizona
Please read the article about Beyonce's twins.
What is Lifehacker's latest article?
Read me the most recent news about North Korea's nuclear program
Give me the last 10 headlines.
what is the top story today
recent headlines please
CNN international news headlines
Give me the top news
Whats in the news today?
What is the most recent world news
Are there any big elections in the news the week?
play news on nbc
Tell me the latest news about Obamacare
What's the headline news in Spain?
What is the top story for today
Please give me the news update
Tell me the latest sports headlines
News on shooting in Grand Rapids
Today's news please.
What was the highlight news for this past week
can you give me any news about Guam and North Korea
What's on the news headlines?
What did Hilary Clinton do today in the news
Has there been any recent news about Guam
Read me any recent headlines about the border wall.
What are the recent headlines in the stock market?
News update, please.
Read the details of the latest Hollywood scandal
Give me the latest sports news
What is the top headline on Fox News
What is recent news on Obama?
Lorain county news
politics headlines
Recent news.
Football player trades news
I want to hear about news from Korea.
What are the headlines in international news?
Read me article on Flea Plague in Arizona.
read me last sunday's headlines
Show me the latest news.
News update about Trump and Russia.
please read me the current news
what's the top story on CNN
what is the news in China
What's on Channel 2 News
What's the news from the Delphi killer in Indiana?
Yesterday's local news
What news is on NBC?
what is lindsey graham doing today on the news
any news from republican party?
Give me the CNN headlines
Major news in Florida?
Put it on Fox business news
Give me a local news update for Indianapolis
Was there any news in St. Louis, MO today?
give me local business news
Please remove Carson from the call
add my stepparents to this call
I need to add Mom to the call
Add in Margy Burtschi
Add stepsisters to this call
I want brother added to this call
Can you please add in Abby?
Connect Madeline to this call
Hang up Trang now on this call
Would you add in Fletcher Swensson?
ask Matt if he wants to join this call
take my dad out of this call
invite mom and and dad to call
invite granny to call
Add stepmoms to current phone conversation
Please remove Jason from the call
Include Dad to call
i want to link brady to this call
invite Cobbe on this call
remove my cousin Patrick from this call
Add my dad and my sister to this video chat.
let's invite Mom to the call
Have Murphy taken off the group call
please invite tina on this call as well
Please remove Steven Jackson from the call
add Lyn Alberto
please invite Dan to my group call
I want to invite Nikki to my current call
Put my boyfriend on this call with grandpa.
send invite to Bob for this call
invite grandparent to the call
Invite wives to join call
invite grandpa to the current call
Add friend to call
Add in Elle to this call please
I want you to add Phillip to this video call I'm on now
add Kaylee
get greg on this call
add Nick to call
Can you add in Dora Filipovich ?
Take Kate out of video call
add mum to my call
invite David to call please
When will Michelle turn 50?
how old will Sue be turning
Is Sarah's birthday in August?
Does John have 21 years old or more?
how old is ben
How old is Nick?
How old is Mariah Carey?
How young is Corrie
Tell me Nancy's age
tell me how old Kade is.
Go back one two songs
please repeat last song
please repeat the last song
I'd like to hear that last song again.
I want to replay the previous track
last song again please
Can you replay the last song
Subtract 30 minutes from my timer
delete 10 minutes from my timer
Shorten current timer by half
take away 20 minutes from the Macaroni timer
Take 30 seconds off my timer
Remove 10 minutes from timer.
take time from my timer
please take 10 minutes off timer
decrease timer by 2 minutes
who is currently topping the charts
Who sings the theme song to Frazier?
what album is the highest gross in the US this year
What is the best selling music record
what is selena gomez latest song
Shut that alarm off.
Stop alarm.
shut down
alarm, shut off
Please stop ringing
No sound please
Shut down the alarm
Be quiet alarm please.
skip alarm
Shut off my alarms.
Stop the alarm, please
Disable alarm
Add a new alarm
Set an alarm every Tuesday morning
please turn on clock for 10 minutes before 9 am
Have an alert for my doctors appointment on monday at 8am and 830am
Set a recurring alarm for the last Sunday of the month
Resume alarm
Create an interval alarm, every 4 minutes
set an alarm for 9 tonight
Set my alarm for 30 minutes.
Initiate an alarm on January 11th.
Set me an alarm for Friday morning
Remind bed time alarm daily at 8:45 pm
Set an alarm for 1 minute
There needs to be an alarm every Monday at 8.
set an alarm for marathon on 10th of June, at 7am
Set alarm called lunchtime at noon
Set an alarm that repeats at 5pm and 6pm on Tuesdays for 5 weeks.
Create alert called dough proofing for 1 hour from now.
Set the alarm for daily at the same time.
set an alarm for 30 minutes
alarm at 5:45am
Set alarms for 5am and 2pm
Set a 4:30 AM alarm for every weekday.
create an alarm for 4 hours and 10 minutes from this second
Have an alarm today at 6pm
Make an alarm called 'get up now!' for 6am
Set the alarm to go off every 10 minutes
Set up 'Funeral' alarm for June 2nd at 3 p
Set an alarm for Friday, please
set the alarm for a 6 am wake up
Build an alarm for tomorrow at 5pm and 6pm
Set alarm for 6 pm tomorrow night
Remind me about lunch at 1pm
Set nap alarm for 3pm
i want a 'wake up call' alarm for tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for 9 AM Saturday
Create an alarm named appointment for friday at 10am
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 5.
Set an alarm for every 10 minutes for 90 minutes.
Set an alarm for 10 minutes from now
Set an alarm for 2 minutes thanks sexy
alarm set for 7 am
create two new alarms for me, one for 12am and one for 5pm
I need a 2pm alarm
Turn my alarm on for 6am.
set alarm for 5 am Monday through Friday
Every week for the next month I want a 6am and 7am alarm on Fridays.
Remind me at 4:30pm.
Create an alarm that goes off at 6.45pm the following friday
Make a new alarm that goes off biannually at 6 pm
can you please create an alarm for next monday
Set alarm for an hour from now
engage alarm
set an alarm for 3 minutes
Add a repeating alarm for Thursday mornings at 8am.
Set a work alarm tomorrow for 5am tomorrow.
make an alarm for 04h30
I want to make an alarm for 6am Monday.
make an alarm for 24h15
New alarm at 11
make a new alarm for 1 o'clock Tuesday
Set an alarm at 9am to take the bins out
sound alarm at 5h15
Set my alarm for 1pm and then 8pm
Make an alarm that repeats every Friday at 11am.
Create and alarm for 6am.
setup alarms for every hour on the hour.
recurring alarm for 7pm every Wednesday
Make me an alarm for May 29th.
Set reoccurring alarm for six am for Monday through Friday.
Give me a repeating alarm for every Thursday at 6.
I want an alarm set for tomorrow morning.
Set a bed alarm for 2am
I need an alarm for in the morning
Create a holiday alarm for 8am please.
Set alarms for 6am and 6.30am every Tuesday
Set an alarm for leave for work for everyday 8am
set a 7am alarm for tomorrow
Create an alarm for 6 and 7pm tonight
Set me an alarm for the 1st of June, at 7am.
add alarm on saturday at 8:30
Make alarms for 6am and 7am and 8am
I need you to set an alarm for 1PM.
set an alarm for 7 am weekdays
set a new alarm for Wednesday at 8am
Create a monthly alarm for 8pm on the 16th
set an alarm for 5pm on tuesdays
Set go to work alarm
Set alarm for 7 minutes with a warning that will go off at 5 minutes.
Make an alarm for Fridays at 6am for 2 months, please
Set an alarm that goes off daily at 6am
Please start an Alarm Tuesdays at 7 called phone bill.
give me a new alarm for 0640
set alarm for 3:47pm
set the alarm for 2 minute intervals
Set my alarm for ten am.
create a go to bed alarm for 9pm tonight
Would you mind setting an alarm for me please?
sound alarm at 850
set an alarm for 8am tomorrow and 10am on friday
set alarm at 3 pm today
Make a wake up alarm at 3pm on Thursday
Set a new alarm for July 15th at 6.00 am
Set a repeate alarm for every thursday
Could you please go off every Thursday at 9 for the next two months?
set an alarm for 5am named get up
Alarm me at 0700 every Monday morning.
set alarm for 11:30pm
set alarm for 645
set reoccurring alarm
give me a new alarm for 0640h
Please set a repeating alarm for weekdays at 7am.
Create an alarm for the 1st November at 5pm
Turn alarms on
Make me a lunchtime alarm at 12:45 pm
I cannot be late to my meeting tomorrow
Set an alarm for Saturday and Sunday at 9pm
Wake up time 9am please.
Set new alarm for saturday and sunday for 7 am
Create a repeating alarm starting Monday 6.00am
Set alarm for 3:45pm
Set an alarm for the 25th of December.
please set an alarm for 3pm today
Set an alarm to wake me up in an hour.
Today 2 alarms , 12 and 2
Alarm to be set for 8am
Set alarm every minute for 60 minutes
Create a new alarm for the 5th
Set an alarm for 12:30pm tomorrow
set alarm for 5 am tomorrow
I need to wake up at 06:00 on Wednesday
set an alarm for 1 hour starting now.
Set an alarm for Friday at 3 pm.
New alarm for 445pm on Tuesdays
Please set alarm for tomorrow at 6 a.m.
Set a 'gametime' alert for 7pm
Set recurring alarms for Thursdays and Mondays at 7am and 8 am for 3 weeks
Create an alarm for Fridays at 5pm
I need an alarm to sound every hour today.
please have my alarm go off
Set an alarm every Monday at 10:00AM
Set doctor vist alarm on 1st of every month.
Have an alarm set for 8am, name it 'call lucy'.
Set an alarm now
Start the alarm at 11am
REMIND ME TO GO TO SHOP ON 14TH FEB
Put an alarm on for this evening
Alarm for February 14, 10am
Please make an alarm at 6pm every Tuesday night
Please set an alarm for tonight
Get me up Monday Morning at 5am
Set a daily alarm for 10am for six weeks
Create two alarms for tomorrow morning at 5 and 8
set weekly alarm for Saturdays 8am
i want the time to go off at 10 on the 15th May
Put alarm for work drinks every Friday at 5pm
Set an alarm clock for 4th of huly
Start alarm on Friday at 3:30pm
give me a new alarm for 1350h
Set an alarm for 20 minutes
put up an alarm for 2 hours from now
Create an alarm for 4th of May
Set an alarm for 8 am.
reset alarm tomorrow
set an alarm every 5 hours
Create a recurring 5pm Monday alarm
Set alarm for 7am on weekdays.
Wake me up every 2 hours
Add an alarm that's set for 9am on Tuesdays
Set an alarm 7am
Set an alarm for 6am on weekdays
Set alarm for one hour from now.
Can you set an alarm for 7.00 am please?
Ongoing alarm for Tuesdays 4pm
Generate an alarm that goes off perpetually on Tuesdays at 9am
CREATE AN ALARM  EVERY 5 MINUTES FOR 45 MINUTES
Please create a weekly alarm for Thursday at 5pm
sound alarm at 2325
Go off at 5am
put up an alarm for 25 minutes from now
Give me an alarm for Friday
Set the alarm for my nephew nap time for 2:00 pm.
Create an alarm for the 9th of July at 2pm
Please set alarm for 8am Saturday
set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow morning
Set alarm for 3 am on the 23rd
Schedule alarm for March 21st
set an alarm for 30 minutes from now
Can you set an alarm for noon?
Set alarm for 7am Tuesday morning
set an alarm to move the car at 3 pm this arvo
Alarm for 9pm tonight
Please wake me up at 5pm.
Could you set an alarm for Tuesday
Wake up Saturday 7am for Gym
Set a new alarm for Saturday
I need to set up a new alarm
Could you set an alarm for next Tuesday, please?
Set alarm every 10 minutes for an hour
set alarm for 8 am weekends
create alarm for 3h10
please set alarm for 1 hour
Set an alarm for my appointment tomorrow at 2pm.
set alarm for 6:30 am Monday thru Friday?
Produce an alarm to go off at 10am every Sunday morning.
Give me an a wakeup alarm
Set an alarm called guests for 5pm Friday night called guests
Set alarm for 4:35 am Sunday
Set alarm for 3:30 am tomorrow morning.
Did Maria finished her Master degrees?
Did Sean graduate?
Who is on hold?
From who is this incoming call?
do you know who's number this is calling me?
reset stopwatch
Restart the foot soak timer.
Restart my time
Reset time on Time OUT timer.
RESET MY TIMER TO 12 MINUTES.
restart this timer
Restart the previous timer.
repeat last timer
Has Robert ever worked for HEB?
where is pat currently employed
Has Alice ever worked at this company before?
does lily work at costco
where does phillip work at
Who is Chantelle's current employer?
does al work
Have I ever worked for McDonalds?
Who does Jessica work for?
does scot work for xerox
Where is the place that Chris works?
Is John working at Marriott?
does jeff work at wells fargo
Who does Yuri work for?
what is Ahmed's current job?
Is Phil's current employer state of Washington
does Noah still work at lax?
Did Andy ever work for Comcast?
Tell me where jamie is working
What are my reminders for the week.
Tell me what reminders I have so far concerning accommodations for the convention next month in Huntsville.
Did I have a reminder from work yesterday?
What are our reminders for Saturday?
List all social media reminders for the next 8 days.
Find whatever reminder I have from my dad
What reminders did I set for work on Labor Day weekend what's my schedule for that specific job for the weekend?
Show all of my reminders.
Show me reminders for Thursday
Display my reminders for this week in regards to the girls scouts
Show me reminders about all my dates this week.
Do there happen to be any reminders for next Monday at 3 PM?
Tell me the reminder when the electrician would come over next week.
Show me reminders for 5 pm on Thursday
Show me reminders that I have for today.
Have I set up a reminder for Jude's party?
List My Reminders for Next Monday
Show all my pet reminders.
Display all choir reminders from yesterday?
What are all my email reminders for this upcoming week?
Show me all reminders for the next hour
What reminders do i have for the next week and a half
Pull up all reminders I have for Juju
do I have a reminder for jj's vet appointment
Is there a tutoring reminder for next week?
Where is the reminder to have Maia meet with her advisor
Display a list of the reminders to walk the neighbor's dog.
Show me all reminders today
tell me my reminders for today please
What reminders to I have for this weekend?
Can you read the reminder from Krissy?
Do have any birthday reminders for this weekend?
What reminders do I have for school
Do I have any reminders on Friday
Get all my work reminders for next week
what's my reminder
what are my reminders for next weekend
what is my reminder list
can you find reminders of meeting start times for next week?
Are there any reminders for chemistry homework next week?
Tell me what alerts I have set today
List my prescription refill reminders remaining for this month.
Show me the reminders for today
Show the reminder for toothpaste
show reminders from the school board in the next 6 months
Show me all reminders
is there any reminders for the business group today.
What reminders do I have for next Thursday?
did i miss any reminders last week
What reminders do I have involving Chris this weekend?
Show me reminders for Saturday the 25th.
Show me all my reminders about my Mom and Dad.
What reminders do I have set during my vacation week?
I want all my reminders for tomorrow at 5pm.
What are my reminders for Monday?
run down my reminders
show reminder for Saturday morning
anything on my list of reminders
Show me all my reminders.
Show all past reminders from this week
Do I have any reminders for today?
Get all of my reminders about the garden this spring
Show all of our reminders for this month
Show all alerts about our discovery meetings.
Pull up my distance reminders for work for next week please
what are my reminders for my shopping list
Show me next week's reminders regarding business dinners
Rewind 10 seconds
What is the name of the woman killed in Charlottesville, VA
How many people died in Salt Lake City today
How many countries are a part of the travel ban
Is Donald Trump in Washington today
When is Bill Cosby's next court date
Are there any serial killers on the loose
Which person won the big race yesterday?
Is a war about to happen
What is Donald Trumps current approval rating
Has Beyonce had her twins?
did scaramucci get fired?
Has Trump been impeached
Who is running on the GOP ticket
Is the fire in Calgary still out of control
was there a fire tonight
What laws are being reviewed today?
Is Trump going to start a war
Is Kim K being sued
Where is Vladimir Putin on vacation
who won the election in Virginia
Who is involved with the Trump and Russian scandal?
who died in the Charlottesville riot
what has Trump accomplished since entering office
how did people prepare for the hurricane
did the fbi director get fired today?
Who won Venezuela's election
get the timer to take a break
Stop dinner timer.
timer stop
stop time
Pause activity
Pause my proofing timer
stop and delete the timer
pause my laundry soaking timer
put timer on pause
Cancel the next timer set to go off
go ahead and stop this timer
Put that homework timer on hold
pause timer and then restart it
tell my timer to take a break
Pause this countdown
stop and remove current timer
How many people have been injured at the  supremacist riot?
update from scott peterson case
Update my alert to get gas after work
Add to my dinner reminder an alert to take my pills
update Sunday's reminder to bring music
Update the ski group reminder to specify we're meeting at the old location
What time is left on the alarm.
What alarms do I have set for Tuesday?
When is my next alarm?
What time is my alarm set for monday?
Please tell me all my alarm times.
What time are my alarms for Wednesday
How much time is left for the alarm I set
Display my alarms
tell me every alarm I've got set
show all existing alarms
How much time is remaining on my first alarm?
how much time till my next alarm
How many alarms do i have?
show me all scheduled alarms
how much time until the alarm sets off?
What alarms do I have for tommorow?
What is my next alarm
Open active alarm
What time is my earliest alarm?
Show my alarms for the month
timer needs to end
Add an additional 10 minutes to the timer.
Reset the timer for 10 more minutes
add thirty seconds to my timer
please add 10 minutes to timer
Add 3 minutes to the microwave timer
Can you add more time to my timer?
lengthen that timer by 17 minutes
put 25 minutes more on my Floss timer
add twenty minutes to cole's time out timer
add to the Pushups timer
please lengthen that timer by 10 minutes
Adjust the timer for 30 extra minutes
lengthen timer by 24 minutes
Give me an extra 30 seconds on my timer
can you add time to my Your nap is over timer
make my timer longer by 15 seconds please
lengthen timer by 50 seconds
make the timer longer by eight seconds
Could you add on 5 minutes to the workout timer
add more time
add 20 minutes to Pasta timer
what was my time
How much time is left on second timer?
how much my timer do i have left on my timer
How long is the timer set for the chicken?
how many seconds do i have left
time left till timer goes off?
How long was my commute to work this morning
How many minutes do I have until my timer rings?
is the timer finished
How many minutes until the timer beeps?
get time left on the laundry timer
Would you please tell me how much time is left on this timer?
current time left
how much time is left on  timer?
how long did I run
How long did I set the timer?
How much time is left on the new timer?
what is the time left on the timer?
How much time left until potty time?
How many minutes do I have left on my timer?
how long did i last in my last lap
how long is my timer for?
What's the time left on the timer
let me know when timer is halfway done
how much time do i have left to complete cooking timer
What is my current remaining time?
How many minutes are left on the timer
How long till timer goes off
time left on workout timer
how long on the linguine timer
What's my time
how long on the Break timer
How long has my timer been going?
Please tell me how much time I have left
Time left on the timer?
what is the remaining time on the timer
timer amount of time left
How much longer until the timer goes off?
whats the time limit at
how much longer
Fast forward that song
Only use pandora as my music app
I would like to only use amazon
set spotify as the default app for music
use apple music as my default
change music provider to iheartradio
Set my music app to be amazon music, please
use tidal only for music
always use apple to play music
Common friends of Matt and Theresa
who is friends with me and kate?
Any of my friends online?
How many people are online right now?
Is Mum online?
Is Sabrina online at the moment?
Who is available now
Anyone around online?
Show me the online status of Kevin
find out if crystal is available to talk
any contacts online
get me whomever is available
Tell me who is online
Who just got online?
Show me who is online now.
Can you check if Neil is online at the moment?
tell me availability
Who's not busy
is Osvaldo online?
Which one of my friends is still online?
is Stephen online?
Is dad online?
show me current availability
list all available
Please check is Sarah is available
Is Susie online now?
What's my uncle availability tonight
available people please
who is available to talk right now
my stepdad is online or not.
Tell me if my friend in Chicago is online.
Is Debbie currently available?
Show me who is free
Is my mom available at the moment?
Check if my sister is online now
show me everyone that is available
Who is online that's not idle?
Are any of my friends online
who is available now
Can you tell me who is online now?
Who that I know is online?
Tell me all my friends online?
Is my sister online now?
What acquaintances are online?
I want Spotify to stop now
cancel the last song
message Andrea saying Ill let you know when were free to meet
Ask Amethyst when she plans to get to Ashley's surprise party.
send a Facebook text
i would like to message Lucy via Facebook that happy birthday
Message Michelle asking when she will get here
Message Samantha to be careful because it started raining hard.
I need you to send that message via WhatsApp
Send a message to Asus telling him to prepare the handouts before the 9am meeting.
Add a message to the group that the meeting is changed to 6:30 tonight
message Sofia and tell her that Ermagerd He and I were just checking that out the other day
Get my video messages from the closest buddies group
Ask Jon where he is.
Record a video message for Jacqulyn Yeates.
text Mini Mouse and Everett that happy new years
please send John a Messenger video message
Say thanks to Sherry
I would like to send that Facebook text
can you please send message to Brieanna and Matthew
Text Kim and tell her there is a lot of ice on the roads, so I will be running 10 minutes late.
reply with message on Messenger
please start recording the video message for Charlene Gabbin
message my friends that there is a fundraiser going on at RuffHouse Rescue and they can donate
let's start recording a video message for Joelle Dechellis
Please send message to Julie asking her where the festival is at this weekend.
respond to Joy with a video message
Tell Robert to start the message tree. The car wash has been cancelled because of rain.
Are you going to the wedding? When will you arrive
Will you send a video message to my sister?
message to mom that aunt mary's dinner is on saturday at 5
would you message Minerva and Ned
i want to leave Samantha a video recording
Message Ron for me and say I'll be outside in 5 minutes
can you please send message to the anime group
text Lukas Yeah Cant wait to see you guys :D
ask Martha what date the June Gloom concert is happening
Ask mom to answer her phone
Ask Liam to delete me from NJ blues
Ask Lauren if she needs a ride to the game.
can you please send message to the code blue group
message Liyi, Jim and Daniel something that says are you free
Let Jeff know that the Amtrak is running late.
message denise to say let's relocate to okc village library
i want to leave Emily a video recording
I want to send a video message to Karen
respond to Adam with a video message
Can you send a video message to my friends
Check and see if Mike wants to go to a cooking class with me tomorrow night at 8pm.
Text Steve that I wont be at the next meeting
DM my husband and let him know that I'll be at the Concert In The Park at Orangecrest until about 8:30 pm.
i would like to message Jeff on Messenger that happy new years
Message Josh asking where the hotel is located and what time I should be there.
text Ravi and Lola that sounds good
Tell Reggie we canceled the party tomorrow
message a video to Dylan
i want to leave Samuel a video recording
Send a message to Candace that it was great meeting her yesterday and that I would love to go to coffee on Tuesday.
send thank you message to my sister.
please send the apartment maintenance thread message
send a message to my siblings that says happy new years
Text Dan back that the Library opens at noon tomorrow, not eleven.
message aunt rosi and ask her if she can attend the baptism
Message Ruth and tell her I am on the way from my current location.
i would like to message a message to my siblings
please send Paul on Facebook that talk to you later
Can you deliver a video message to Johnny today?
text talk to you later to Jack and Robert
Ask Joe to close the garage before he leaves the house.
Message Benji to see if he left his towel at my house last night
Ask Jon if he'll be there on Friday
I would like to send that Messenger message
Please send a message to Richard telling him my ETA is 30 minutes.
can you please send message to Kelly and Adam Waverly
send jaclyn a happy birthday message
Message Kirk saying I need coffee please
send Happy Birthday to Jerilyn
ask beth what is the best way to get to the cabin from here
i would like to message the wild and out thread message
Get my messages from the gym partners group
Message Shanti saying 'rofl, did you see Meena's silly post?'
can you send Kyra and Phil Bradley message
send a video to Chase
video message Isabelle
Ask Vanessa if she is going to the Operation Werewolf event
video message on Messenger
please send my siblings
Message Mom and tell her my plane what will be at least 2 hours late flying into Austin, TX .
I want to message Kirsten Levi
Message my mom asking what she wants for dinner
Send a video message to Liam Howlett
video message John J Beltran
Ask Lexy what the road conditions are around work.
respond to Dylan with a video
i would like to message the text to my parents
I want to video message Jeffrey
Message Donald to find out when he is going to the Pond shop in Brownstown, MI to get more fish for the tank.
tell the piano instructor to cancel the lesson today
can you please send text to Tad and James
text sounds good to Terry and Kelly
video message Steve Kessler
Send message to my college alumni friends that the 1st few of them football game will be August 20, want to know to be there
Send a text to Jeff and ask what the plan is for practice tomorrow.
Message Andy that we're not going tonight
SEND A MESSAGE TO DONALD AND LET HIM KNOW I WILL ARRIVE AT THE AIRPORT IN 3 HOURS.
Let Chris know we are meeting his family at the Auburn Hills Cafe Rio at 9 p.m.
Send a message to my husband that I booked a hotel in San Diego for July 10th.
Would you record video message to Jon
message trent and ask what time everything is supposed to start
can you send my grandparents message
let's record a birthday video message for Finn
send a message to my siblings to meet for drinks on Friday
message mark to see if he wants to join me for the biebs concert
Record a video message for Edwin.
Get this video message over to Barrett.
Send a picture of me
please send the women chat
message Amanda that we will be around Tahoe for the 4th
could I video message Patrick Perez Aguilar
Get my messages from the church thread
Ask my aunt if she can go to the JDRF Walk with me October 6th.
Text Bobbie that I can't make it
send a message to my grandparents that says happy birthday
Message mom saying that I am on bed sick
can you send that video to the playdate group
New message Ah ok
Let Kait know I'll be late because of the traffic on Rt 18
I need you to send the text on Messenger
The closest Sonic Drive-in is 3 miles from my place and I want you to inform that to Robert.
video messaging please record a video for Sue with directions
respond to Jessica with a video
Message Barbara and ask her if she can tell Laura I have mail for her
Message Ben to let him know that we are not going to the concert like we  Originally planned
send a message to cycling thread that says talk to you later
MESSAGE TOMMY AND LET HIM KNOW THE THEATER IS NOW SHOWING THE MOVIE HE WANTS TO SEE.
lets i would like to message message to Jordan on WhatsApp
message ronnie i am running late happy birthday
please record a video message for Adam Waverly and Celeste
Text Megan and ask when I can pick up my check.
message Jordan that i am on my way to football match
Please make sure Monica knows that the tavern doesn't open until 5pm.
send a message to my siblings that says talk to you later
Message Robert and ask transportation options to his location.
reply to Catherine with a video message
send Beth and Paul
message Rebecca that Washingon High School's first play of the year will be on September 30th
please send Mark and Judy
Message Carl I dont know where your dad is
video message Mariah
Hey Bot! Message Saji that I loved her pictures of her garden.
I need to record a video message for Dena Wilkoff
start a video message please
Send that Messenger text
Let Mom know that I am busy with work.
Please message John, Sydney, and Jill and tell them the address is 123 Main St. in downtown Clarkston.
Send a message to Hal and say I am running late and should we reschedule?
I would like you to message a video message
Message Kristin and ask what landmark I should look for near museum.
Please send a video message to mom.
please record a video message for Dana Thompson and Carla Nguyen
Can you send a video message to Rebecca?
i would like to message Josh Wu and Jordan
Message my Mom that we will be going to brunch on Saturday at 9am she can meet us at my house.
send it to Hoffmeyer Harley
Create a video message to send to James
Get my video messages from the apartment thread
please send the closest buddies thread message
Message Andy asking if he is better
i would like to message a vide message to my family
send video message
I want to begin the video message now
message Reggie and tell her to come to my house
Send a message to my dad and tell him I cant talk right now because I am in a meeting
Send a message to my husband please!
Send a message to Ms Davis that Joey will be late
Message Jill she can bring her boyfriend to help if he's free
Send message to Gina asking what happened in the meeting after I left
can you please send message to the ufo thread
video messaging please record a video for Kelsey with directions
Message Jackie to see when they return from their Mexico trip
please send that message to my parents
Message the list if anyone is going tonight
could I video message Brynlee
Ask my mom what time I should come over
send Izzy that Facebook video message
i would like to message my parents text
