respond interested to Open Stage NYC
change my status to interested for the second event
respond interested to the fifth event
set my status as interested for Insurgent Empire Book Launch
rsvp interested for  Plate by Plate
respond maybe to Eat Drink Play Los Gatos
mark me as interested for the fourth event
rsvp interested for the second event
How many reminders do I have for this week?
How many reminders do I have with AJ?
find me 21 Savage
find I Like It by Josh Gudwin
how many more weeks until my dads birthday reminder
When is my reminder for my next medication dose?
What time is our sewing club meeting reminder set for?
When is my reminder for the dentist
When is my next family dinner reminder?
when is my first reminder for a meeting next week
When is my next reminder to give dog medicine?
when is my next dentist reminder
How long has Lance worked for Novak?
When did Emily begin working for St. Luke's?
when did steve start working at the school
When did Sam stop working at Facebook?
How long was Jeff employed by Amazon?
When did Kyle get hired?
when did Mark start working at Home Depot?
When did Alicia leave her last job?
How long has Rachel been at Hilton?
When did Julie start working for Sam's Club?
When did Phil start working for McDonalds
add song to repeat
Loop the current track.
Insta username for Hailey Sharmours
I need Lisa's email
go to track 3 please
please skip this song
I want to hear the next track
Skip back two tracks please.
Skip the next three tracks.
skip the track
skip 5 songs ahead
Skip this song again please
play the next song in the queue
I LIKE THIS SONG.
what artist is this?
What year did this current track come out?
WHO WAS THE ORIGINAL ARTIST FOR THIS SONG?
what track is this
What was that last song
WHAT ALBUM IS THIS SONG FROM?
What is the name of this song?
name this tune
what is the name of this album
who's playing right now
is this a new song
What's the name of this track
Who sang the last two songs?
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THIS SONG?
who are the artists on this album
Remind me to go to yoga class at 3:00 pm Friday.
Remind me to wash my hair in 30 minutes.
Remind me to reschedule the ortho appointment
Set a reminder that Donna's audition is next Friday at 3pm
Please set up a reminder for us to video chat with Aunt Barb tonight
set reminder for Mike's dental appointment this Tuesday
Remind me to drop off the paper work on Wednesday at 4pm.
Create a reminder to pick up the babies
Remind me that I have a conference call tomorrow at 10 am
Remind me of how much time is left after 10 minutes
reminder Ballet at 3:30 on Friday
Remind me to visit doctor on September 8th at 9am
Remind me to pick up Ice cream
Remind me to get milk and eggs tomorrow.
remind me to get whipped cream on the way home
Remind me to call Tee Away to set up tee time for Saturday morning.
Reminder for picking up a prescription when its ready for a pick up on that day
Remind me at 3 pm to email Tom about the details of the meeting next Tuesday.
remind me to adjust temperate in 15 minutes
Set reminder for term paper due date
Put a reminder to submit my hours
I must meet Joyce this afternoon; can you remind me at 2:30?
Remind me to get an oil change at 4 pm today.
Remind me to pick up the jewelry from Teresa
set a reminder to deliver Maes Tupperware at 3pm on the 9th.
Remind Dad to pick up 6 lobsters for the clambake.
Remind me to check-in with Susan Friday.
Remind me to look up hotels for vacationing in Tucson, Arizona in November.
Start a reminder
remind me to send franks contact information to Joan on monday at 8am pst
Add a new reminder to pick up the dog from the groomer
I need to mail my Christmas gift to Doris early, can you remind me in October?
remind me to make vet appointment this week
remind me to join the status call at 9:00 am today
Remind me to call my Dad at 8 pm.
Remind me to get waters for the kids at 3pm
Remind me to sweep the steps for this weekend.
Remind me of my chiropractic appointment on Monday at 10am.
Can you set a reminder to have me call Jonathan on September 23rd?
Set a reminder to pack for our beach trip on Friday
remind me to buy Jana a present
i don't want to forget to eat my lunch
set a reminder to go through my email and find any that have to do with relay for life
remind me of my Dr appointment on Monday at 8:30 am
Remind me to call Grandma at 7 pm.
Remind me to sign permission slip
Remind me to research the Broadway ticket show prices for Cats later on today.
Remind me to update contact information for school
new reminder : call the doctor today at noon.
remind me to call my wife when I leave work
Remind me to Buy John a card today at 4pm.
remind me to pick up face wash
Remind me to take a shower today
Remind me to update my resume Tuesday morning.
Remind me to pick up Abbie Friday at 10 AM
Please remind me at 8 pm that I need to get out my briefcase for tomorrow
remind me to book tickets for the movie tomorrow at 2pm
I need to set up a new payment schedule for the utilities, remind me to do that tomorrow
set a reminder for 8 pm
Set a reminder for the current Agile sprint to be completed by Thursday at 5 PM
Remind me to sign up for jazz classes.
Remind me to get school lunches packed before 5PM sunday.
set up an reminder to email Clea
Remind me of my starting time.
create reminder to pay credit cards next week
I need a reminder for Monday at 6pm to pick up dry cleaning.
I have a meeting tonight at 5 pm; please remind me 15 minutes before.
Remind me that I have a physical on Monday at 7 AM.
Remind me to take my pills at 9pm
In the morning, remind me I have to face to face chat with my granddaughter.
set reminder to call dad tonight at 5
Remind me to find Danielle's permission slip for her speech evaluation.
I want a reminder to mail out those birthday cards next week.
set reminder to pick up milk tomorrow night
Remind the band about rehearsal at 6pm monday.
On Saturdays and Sundays, remind me of how thankful I am for everything I have!!
Remind me to send my cousins order in the mail today before 5 pm.
remind me to call the doctors office when they open after lunch at 1pm
Remind me to pick up pizza and coke for dinner.
remind me to buy milk on saturday
Remind everyone in the group about the inter-corporate video chat that will be scheduled Thursday morning at 8 AM Pacific time
Remind to do an oil change this Sunday.
Remind me to get a new leash for my dog.
remind me the appoinment with the bank
Remind me to set alarm tomorrow.
Remind me to sign the birthday card for jillian
remind me to return the library books
Remind me to call Mary tomorrow at 3PM.
remind Mat to bring my fins to Bolinas for Sunday morning.
Can you remind me to dial in half an hour before today's conference call?
Create reminder to file my taxes before 3pm.
remind me to pick up john
Set up reminders for all my private students to arrive 15 minutes early.
Remind me to call grandma on Friday
Set a reminder to send a gift from Edible Arrangements for Sammie and Wiff on August 4th at 8am.
Can you set a reminder for an hour before my test this Tuesday?
Remind me about my vacation in Austin, TX in two months from today.
Remind me to pick up my dry cleaning
Create a reminder for my dentist appointment at 1pm tomorrow
Create a reminder for dinner with Janice for Tuesday night
I need a reminder to wake up husband at 7:00 am
Remind me to check the whether on Saturday at 9 am.
Remind me to buy toothpaste this afternoon
Remind Mason to do his trumpet this Saturday
remind me to send in my tax information to the IRS on the 15th of august
remind me the appoint for the dentist
remind me to email mom that recipie for cookies
I'm baking cookies in the oven, can you remind me to take them out in 25 minutes?
Set new reminder for movie screening on Tuesday at 7pm
set me a reminder to email dad tomorrow at 5pm for his meeting
I don't want to forget to charge my phone
set a reminder to request vacation tomorrow at 9
remind me to call the pool cleaner thursday
Remind me on October 5th to make hotel reservations for the trip.
Can you remind me that I have a hair appointment on Saturday at 3pm and send the first alert three hours prior.
remind me about doctor's appointment next month
Remind me to call the dentist tomorrow morning at 930.
remind me about danny dentist appointment at 8 on the 13th and set an alert for 1 day
remind me to change the time for time change
Setup a reminder to video chat my sister tomorrow.
Remind me to get an oil change on Friday at 10 am
Can you remind Bob to take the trash out on Friday?
remind me to compare prices on internet service next week when my contract is up
Remind me that everything is beautiful
Remind me to pay rent Wednesday
Remind me to wash my hair this Saturday.
Remind me to get my computer fixed when I return from vacation.
Set a reminder to call uncle Anthony tomorrow at 7 pm
I need to call Alex this afternoon; can you remind me at 12pm?
Remind me to pick up Chineses food today
Can you remind me to send a message to the facebook buyer to confirm our meeting time on Saturday?
Remind me about tomorrow playdate
set reminder for 30 days
Remind my sister to bring a dish to pass next Sunday
Remind Joe K to call me on the 19th at 7 please
remind me to spray for bugs tomorrow at 3 pm
Remind me to bring an extra pair of shoes to the river.
Please remind me to respond to my mom's text message after I get out of class at 6:35pm.
Remind me that school starts Wednesday at 9am
alert me 2 hours before my meeting with patrick today
Remind me to leave to meet David Saturday in Keansburg at 4 pm.
Set a reminder for Mrs. Thomas that orientation  is on the 7th @ 9 and alert her 10 mins before
Send a reminder to my brother about vacation
remind me to wash nicky's baseball clothes before Thursday at 2 pm
Remind me to conference with my sister about my mother's birthday party detail.
Remind me twice to dry my laundry today
Remind the Special needs mom group about the Jungle Poppins record premiere tonight at 8pm.
Set up a reminder for Camryn's birthday on September 7th.
remind me about cycle class tomorrow
Remind the soccer moms to bring snacks on Saturday morning.
Remind me when my tv show is on
remind me to pick up batteries today
remind me of my dr appt next monday
Remind me to call and schedule a gutter cleaning next month.
Set up a reminder for Tim to call the dentist
remind me to set up a reminder to take the trash out.
set reminder for sunday
I need to call my cousin tonight, can you remind me after 7:00 pm.?
remind me to Listen to a genre of music  perhaps Jazz at 4 pm
Remind me to call Dr. Salomn to reschedule appointment.
In one hour remind me to check the kid's homework.
Set up a reminder to call Rose next Monday.
Set a reminder to pack for vacation next Tuesday at 5 PM.
Remind me about choir practise tonight
Remind me to take a shower in 15 minutes
remind me to feed the kids
Remind me to take an alternate route home from work tonight.
Remind me to call Connor at 4 pm.
Remind me to call my wife, so I can change the time of our lunch appointment.
Create a new reminder to change the blocks forward an hour for daylight savings time on Sunday.
Remind me to go to the meeting at 2pm
set a birthday reminder for cheys party at six
remind me to work on my 100 list over the weekend
Set up a reminder for visit from my cousin this saturday
Set up a reminder for Final Project 2 due on August 15th.
remind me to call uncle john at noon
Remind me tomorrow, to add a dash of lemon to the Thai Coconut rice, to make it fluffy.
set a reminder for june 13 to watch tv show
Please remind me to mail Christmas cards on Dec 12.
Remind me to buy more copy paper.
send me a reminder notification 1 hour before my flight
Set a reminder to change the litter box on August 17, 2017.
Set reminder to start dinner for 60 minutes from now.
Remind me to give Jim a call at 6 pm tomorrow.
My favorite show comes on at 8:00 tomorrow, can you please remind me?
Remind Bill that I love him today at 4pm
Remind me that Gabriella's school start August 13th.
Remind me to set multiple alarms about my flight on Wednesday. Could you also alert me 10 minutes before midnight.
Create a reminder at 10pm to go to sleep.
Make a reminder to sign up for dance classes.
Please remind me to refill Riley's medicines today
I said set a reminder to pack for Afest
Remind me to eat breakfast in the morning.
set a reminder to turn off the air conditioning at 10am
Remind me to call Natalie tomorrow
Remind me to take my dog on a walk this evening
I need to call my brother tonight at 5 can you please remind me around 3pm.
remind me to pick up my daughter from soccer at 7
Alexa remind me to book tickets for Las Vegas hotels in the new year.
Set a reminder to wash the dishes at 4 pm
Remind me to call Chrissy and see how her new job is coming along.
doctors appointment reminder for Tuesday afternoon
Remind me to mail the thank you cards out Monday at 8am.
Remind the hiking group to bring their gear on Saturday morning.
REMIND ME ABOUT THE KID'S DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT WEDNESDAY AT 10AM
This Saturday, remind me to pick up the dry cleaning in the morning.
make a reminder on Wednesday at noon to finish the Amazon shop
remind me to email the shopping list to my mom
remind me to take the dog to the vet on Wednesday at 1 pm.
Remind me to pay the bills tomorrow.
the reminder for the aliens movie should go off at 730pm tonight.
remind to drive husband home
I need you to remind me about the meeting after school for tomorrow
Remind my brothers and sisters it’s mom and dad’s 50th wedding anniversary on Saturday
Remind me to wash the dog this week
Remind me to call the insurance company about the minivan at 3 pm today.
Remind me to pay the phone bill before next week
Set a reminder for my 1030 appointment on Monday one hour ahead
set one day prior reminder for my doctor appoinment
I need to be reminded to purchase text books for Friday at noon.
make a reminder to take out the trash
Remind me to mail income tax audit.
Remind me about my doctor appointment tomorrow at 9AM.
Remind me to transfer the money to pay Lowe's bill on the first
remind me to call my father for fathers day
Remind Brady and Jackson that we need to leave at 3; alert them an hour before.
remind me in three years to schedule a pap smear
Remind to buy eggs tomorrow
Remind me of my interview on Monday morning
Set a reminder one week in advance of my anniversary
remind myself to get breakfast
Remind me to take the chicken out of the freezer at 11AM today.
Set Wednesday Church reminder.
Remind me to call Dad
Reminder me one day before Judy's anniversary dinner.
Remind me to start cooking dinner in 10 minutes
Remind me to call my sister tomorrow at 5:00.
Reset my reminder for the doctor on Tuesday the 8th
Send a reminder to DreAnna about our nail appointment on Sunday.
Set a reminder to pick up seed at 10am Thursday.
I need to call the dentist back to reschedule Cindy's exam; can you remind me at noon tomorrow?
Snooze all my alarms
Can't do it, wake me up in an hour.
Snooze this alarm for another hour.
Snooze my next alarm
snooze my alarm for 10 minutes
Snooze 5 minutes
Sleep for 5 minutes
Sleep ten more minutes
snooze 5 more
Snooze the alarm now.
Another 10 minutes
Put snooze for 10 minutes
pause alarm for 5 minutes
Put my alarm to go right to snooze tomorrow morning
please snooze my alarm for 20 minutes
Snooze alarm till 8am.
Shuffle all my radio stations
Shuffle the channels.
Shuffle my favorites.
shuffle Graduation (Explicit Version)
open Pandora and play The Albums on shuffle
Shuffle my current playlist
Pause this track now
Pause song
Pause Music
Resume the timer in 10 seconds
resume the plank timer
Start the timer again, please
start the timer over
continue my Linguine timer
Resume time
resume timer after 17 minutes
can you keep the timer going
Play the most popular country song.
please play Vybz Kartel songs
put on Classical Era
Play Nickelback
Play Body by NAV
Play me the theme song from the office
play WSVO station on iheartradio
Please Play Justin Bieber
I want to hear Taylor Swift's newest song
change the channel to Spotify
Open Spotify and play Car Ride Playlist
turn on WQYZ station on iheartradio
play all whitney houston songs
Play women empowerment songs.
can you play some radiohead music on spotify please
play my most listened radio station on pandora
play the song Can't Feel My Face
I want to listen to pop music
I want to listen to Jeremih on google play music
play the song This Is What You Came For
I want to listen to frozen songs
play the song Without Me
play George Michael songs
Play Christian rap
play dance music
play spotify playlists
play songs by the Killers
i want to hear rock music
Please play I Like It by YNW Melly
Play me something soft and relaxing
Play the new album by Russ.
Play rock hits
please play beyonce's lemonade
play country station on pandora
Play me some pop music
Play Disney music
put country music on spotify please
play starred list
play 1Train on iHeartRadio
Can you play me NF's first album?
Can you play Happy by  Pharrell Williams
Play my top 20 most played songs on this device
Play Say You Won't Let Go.
want to hear Beyonce
Play the number one song today
Play the IDFC station on Pandora
Can you play How Great Thou Art track by Elvis on Spotify
Play soft jazz.
play the last michael jackson son
please play my favorite song
Please play some punk music
play Spanish Guitar channel on Pandora
play midnight by Lorde
please play some blues
open iheartradio and play AMP Radio.
Listen to Luke Bryan
Start playing my google play music Salt n Pepa station
play bruno mars test album
Play Black Keys radio
play me some christmas music
play the album ÷ (Deluxe) on iheartradio
Play Stevie Wonder old hits please
play the album I AM...SASHA FIERCE - Platinum Edition on iheartradio
Play music on Pandora.
start playing Soul Manifesto: 1964-1970
Play some alternative music
Play the Moana soundtrack
play some fun children's music today for the kid's party
Play Taylor Swift's new single.
Turn up radio
Turn the song on again
Listen to Itty Bitty by Alan Jackson
Play R & B songs
start playing jazz
I want to listen to all of Christina Perri's album.
Play cardio playlist
I want to hear some Jay-z
I need to hear lullabies
Play The Acacia Strain.
I want some new age music
Play more of my classics playlist.
Play me some Childish Gambino
Play some country music please.
Can I listen to Ella Mai's last album
Play Steely Dan.
open pandora and look for latin music
Play Broadway songs.
open iheartradio and play WKTU.
Play some blues for me
Please play Motown music
play ed sheeran new album
I want to listen to Jay Z's latest album
play something from the 90's
spotify play hip hop playlist
Give me a new song.
Please play me some Rolling Stones.
play damn damn damn
play Jeezy
Play E-40's new album
Please play some hip hop music
play Happier the album
play baby einstein on spotify
play my country station on Pandora
Play classic punk music
play Legend (The Definitive Remasters) on Spotify
play some drake
Play Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol on Pandora please.
Tell Pandora to play Death Valley
Play Brett Young
play Island 98 5
Play my Broadway soundtrack playlist
play A$AP Ferg music
Play my top music
play the album Number Ones on iheartradio
play some rock music
Play another song by the same artist
play 'Let Me Down Slowly'
Listen to my The Voice playlist
Play Alicia keys album
I want to listen to Dua Lipa
play the song Happy
Please play Thotiana by Amine on Pandora.
Play more music like this.
play International Superhits! on Spotify
Switch to my favorite New Age channel.
Play me some psychedelic music.
play DJ Khaled on spotify
play the doobie brothers
start playing Nothing But The Beat
play music by train
play Free Fallin' on iHeartRadio
play more songs like this one
i want to listen to the beatles
Play my Spotify playlist in the kitchen
Play something upbeat
Reset playlist to country genre.
play Bruno Mars on Spotify
I would like some instrumental guitar music
play the album Discovery on iheartradio
Can you play any BTS song?
open spotify and play face the sun
iheartradio KRPT
play music
Please play me hit songs
Play my This Is NF playlist
Play the other songs from this album.
looking for something upbeat to listen to
Play the latest jrock
Play only Taylor Swift
play Guns N Roses on Pandora
Play me hip hop music
Play Fly me to the Moon by Sinatra
Can I listen to the last first song on thriller album
play the album Rocket Man (Non EA) on iheartradio
I feel like listening to some Hardcore Enka.
play Digistorm station on iheartradio
Play top rock songs of the moment.
Play some beatles
play Con Calma by Disclosure
Play me two songs from the 80's
find songs by kirk franklin
Can I listen to She Got the Best of Me
I want to listen to selena gomez
play Lil Yachty
Play old time gospel
Play Moon Hooch's first album.
Turn on the '80's station
play me a pop song
Play the new Eminem album
Find ukulele music.
play only mellow listening tunes
Please play 2Pac on Apple Music
Play Queen.
Update the reminder to pick up Sally at the doctor tomorrow.
Update all of this week's swimming reminders.
where is my next reminder going to happen
Show my locationreminder for Trucks & Travel meet up on Saturday.
now keep all music from repeating
Stop video call with tyrion
Can you end current call with Eric
end the call
Hang up on Mom.
stop calling Ng Baird
please stop call with cousin
hang up line
Hang up on the current caller, I don't want to answer
Hang up this conversation
Hang up my call
Stop conversation
deactivate the call
let's end this call
hang the video call
hang it up
stop calling Logan O
hang up on Kane
I'm finished with this call
terminate communication now
Do not call
hang up on Hope
Hang up the call with Jewel.
hang up on Xiomara Blakey
Drop the call
Remind us about Josh's birthday on Thursday instead of Friday.
update the birthday date reminder to saturday
update the time for my meeting reminder from 8 to 9 am tomorrow
Instead of reminding me about the new music on Friday, please remind me at at 11:30 PM Thursday
Set a reminder for next Saturday instead for Friday to register for the 5k.
change reminder to be at 3 instead of 5
update the time for the baby shower reminder on Saturday to 12 pm
Change my reminder to 3 pm instead.
remind me about our trip to Tucson on Wednesday instead of Friday
Move our reminder about Aunt Thelma's birthday to next Monday.
Change my reminder for my doctor appointment next Monday to Tuesday.
Change reminder to have my car repaired from Tuesday to Thursday and make the appointment earlier
Change my reminder from tomorrow to, today at 5pm
Change all reminders on Sunday morning to Monday night
Change Carla reminder from Monday to Tuesday.
update birthday party reminder for mom to tuesday afternoon
Video game tournament reminder changed to the 16th instead of the 12th
Remind me Thursday about the football game instead of Saturday
Change my reminder to mail the water mitigation check from tomorrow to 4 PM today.
Remind me to call Bowe at 5 instead of 6
Move my reminder about Mom's birthday to next Friday.
Move my gas bill reminder up one day
Change Lila's doctor appointment reminder to 11am Thursday.
change my reminder for the party tonight for 6 not 7
set the reminder to buy the book club book to two weeks ahead of time instead of three weeks ahead of time
Please modify my dental appointment reminder for tomorrow until next Wednesday
I'm available today
i will be available in 15 minutes
Update to available
set schedule to available
Set myself as active
mark me as available
show available
Set me as available right now please
Set my availability to open
Set myself as available
show me who sent me video messages
DId anyone video message me on Messenger
who texted me?
Send that games event to Kylee
Share that art event with Jocelyn
Share Feast of San Gennaro with Marlee
Share that comedy event with Gregory
Who's going to Halloween Pumpkin Flotilla?
Is anyone I know going to Adventures in Storytelling?
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues?
How to cook a Turkey
How many tablespoons of honey do you put in the vegan brownie recipe
What ingredients are there in classic cheesecake
What is the different temperatures for steak?
how long should a 3 pound tritip roast
what's in curry
What temperature do I bake cupcakes at
How long should steak rest before eating it
what temperature should you fry chicken
how much fiber is in an apple
tell me the ingredients in pumpkin cupcakes
How to tell if chicken is done
How long should I cook this chicken
what temperature do you cook a turkey to
Do chocolate chip cookies require light brown or dark brown sugar
what kind of wine is used in chicken marsala
what temp to cook meatloaf
Would I use olive oil or vegetable oil when saut̩ing garlic
How do I keep from overcooking my chicken
should i have the stove on high heat to cook pork
How much sugar do I need for this sauce
how many cups of water do you put in brownies
Which had less calories Pepperoni pizza or Sausage pizza
What ingredients are in taco seasoning
What ingredients do I need to make pound cake
How long should a pork roast cook
How to prevent cheesecake cracks
How do I poach salmon
whats the calorie count for a marsala sauce?
number of calories in a piece of cake
how do you cook pork ribs
What ingredients do I need for blueberry applesauce?
How much vegetable oil is needed
What are the calories in a slice of pie
how long should i cook pork chops
what are some italian spices
What is the minimum cooked temperature for beef
how hot does the oil need to be to make crispy onion rings
How many cups of sugar do I need for the cake
how many calories are in peas
What is a flounder cooked in
Should I use oil or butter for brownies
how many calories are in 2 scrambled eggs
how do you pan sear a chicken breast
How many calories is in chocolate ganache?
how many apples do i need for a pie
how much fat is in Olive Oil
how many teaspoons of cinnamon are needed
How much salt goes in brownies
How do you cook artichokes
what's the best way to cook a rare steak
how many calories are in mangos
what temperature do I cook pork chops at
what ingredients are needed for meatloaf
How many calories are in 5 hotdogs
What is the serving size of pepperoni pizza recipe
How long do I roast brussel sprouts for
what's in flan
What temperature is chicken baked at
How much sugar is in a glass of milk
How do you know when pasta in cooked
How many calories are in a serving of real butter
How many calories are in an apple?
temperature to make homemade bread rise
what are the spices in peach cobbler
how many calories are in tomato sauce
do I fry the chicken first or put it in the oven
how much time do i need to cook a roast beef
How many eggs does chocolate cake call for
what is the cooking temp for pork
How long to bake brownies in the oven
What is in a tamale
how long to fry a chicken breast
how many eggs are needed to make sugar cookies
is oil or margarine healthier
I want to grill my steak to medium rare, what temperature does it need to be at
how long does it take to hard boil an egg
What is the ingredient list for Parmesan chicken
how many calories in one cup of rice
How long do I  fry egg rolls for
How much flour is needed
How do you peel a carrot
what is the ingredients are in quesadillas
What's the best macaroni for mac-and-cheese
How many calories in chicken thigh
calories in cupcakes
how long should i cook pizza
how long should i boil corn on the cob
What is the best way to cook chicken breasts to ensure they aren't dry
How long do I need to cook ground beef for
How much fiber is in spinach?
How many sticks of butter for sugar cookie recipe
how do i cook a turkey
How many calories are in a chocolate cake
Is lemon or lime juice better for guacamole
how much hot sauce should I use for this chicken wing recipe
What is the baking temperature temperature for chicken breast
Do I need a pinch of sugar for tomato sauce
Ingredients to make healthy homemade fries
Ingredients to make a mushroom risotto
What type of pan should I use to bake a pizza
How much dry oregano can be used in place of fresh oregano
how much hot pepper should I use for a mild sauce
what is in alfredo sauce
What are the ingredients in The Worlds Best Lasagna recipe
What ingredients are in Ice Cream
how many calories in one brownie
How long do I need to bake sweet potato fries for
how many zucchini do you need for zucchini bread
what temperature does this need to be at
How long should you marinate a steak
internal temp for pork
what is in tahini sauce
how long do I bake macaroons
How many tea spoons do I need to make tea
WHAT ALL INGREDIENTS ARE ADDED IN STRING BEAN CASSEROLE
How long do you cook banana bread
how many calories in funnel cake
what do I do after mixing the eggs
How long do I cook chicken breasts in the oven
What temperature is best to bake chicken?
How do I tell when chicken is cooked
ingredients  in ice cream
how do i bake soft chocolate chip cookies
how many calories are in a slice of cake
what is the best oven temperature for a pot roast
how many calories is in a cup of cheese
What temperature is steak baked at
How many tablespoons to make a cup of coffee
how many calories is in a 14 oz bottle of chocolate milk
how long does it take for jello to be ready after the prep is complete
What ingredients do I need to make strawberry jam
How long should I cook chicken
what ingredients are in chicken alfredo
I want to make recipes with a short ingredient list
How many grams of protein are in this piece of meat
What is the main ingredient in eggroll sauce
What are the ingredients for Pumpkin pie?
What is the temperature for a chicken to be cooked
what is the rice to water ratio for cooking sushi rice
What temperature should I bake brownies on
How much sodium is in canned goods
how do I hard boil an egg
what are the ingredients in great tasting pork stew
How many grams of ground beef do I need for hamburger patty
What is the cooking temperature for a stuffed pizza
What is the temperature for soft boil
What temperature do I use to cook brownies
What type of cheese is used on cheeseburgers?
How do I cook oatmeal in the instant pot
How long should i marinate this
How long do I cook beef for
How much trans fat is in a Twinkie
What wine goes best with Garlic salmon
how much hot sauce is needed in hot wings
Did John finish high school?
I kind of hate this song
Delete all alarms for Saturday
Delete my alarm for tomorrow
Get rid of my morning alarm for tomorrow
Cancel any alarms already set.
Clear my alarms
Deleted all set alarms for this week
delete preset alarm
cancel next 2 alarms
Please erase all of my alarms
Get rid of all my set alarms.
delete all my current alarms please
rsvp yes to Olympic Peninsula Apple and Cider Festival
set my status as going for the first event
change my status to going for the second event
set my status as going to Fly 5K at the Museum of Flight
respond yes to the fifth event
respond yes to Bands on the Bayfront
add the singer of this song to my favorite
Add this song to my favorites
What did that text from Cam say yesterday?
I asked if I sent a message to Kira this morning.
Has George Lakoff sent me any messages?
get me video messages from my grandma
Has Nevada Ownbey video messaged me?
display my texts from my father Lyla
Has Levi messaged me today?
read my Messenger messages
Get my text messages from Sigourney, Dianne and Lindsie
display messages from kid Zoey
what are my video messages from kid Grayson
Has Tom sent me anything via WhatsApp
Show me texts from Ian on Facebook
Can you read me new messages?
Keep reading Messages
get me my video messages from my grandmother
Has Dahlia messaged me today?
Get my video messages from Celeste and Dentist Jane
Did my cousin message me today?
show me texts from life partner Emery
grab my texts from my partner Brooklynn
grab messages from my grandma Heaven
what was tiana saying this morning
what are messages from girlfriend Jasmine
Did Mom message me back last night?
Have I received any messages from Kevin Lee Ox this week
let me see messages from my significant other Isabella
display my texts on WhatsApp
Continue reading that message.
read message
Has the development thread sent me anything
i want to see messages from grandson Cheyenne
lets see texts from Gideon
i want to see video messages from my mother
show me video messages from my husband
Has the school thread sent me anything
I lost the message from my Dad that he sent yesterday, can you find it?
show me messages from grandson Sergio
Has Anne sent me anything on WhatsApp
display my Facebook video messages
grab messages from girlfriend Adriel
Has the coworkers group messaged me since Tuesday
lets see video messages from my life partner
Has my siblings sent me anything
what to do this weekend in san francisco
Anything fun to do tomorrow night
Please help me find something to do uptown this Sunday
theater events in new york city this week
What can I do in Fairfax tomorrow
Do you have any more religious events
Is there any ice hockey match Tuesday
Are there any baseball matches this month in Las Vegas
Events happening in March for Fargo
What's going on this weekend
Concerts in NYC next weekend
What concerts happen in Denver in April
Sports events in St Augustine this weekend
Music events before 8pm this weekend
Any parades coming up
Music concerts in Dallas
Things to do in Houston on Friday
Find music events in Montreal this weekend
Portland day time events
What is happening on Thursday
i have nothing to do, anything cool happening
Any live music next Tuesday
Things to do in  Atlanta Georgia this weekend
Any Concerts in Philadelphia next weekend
Things to do in Santa Barbara this weekend
What is happening  day after tomorrow
what's up in LA today
Music Events in Tacoma for this Thursday
What to do in Honolulu Friday night
events for Philadelphia
Whats going on in little chute
Things to do in Maui
What to do tonight in San Francisco
Events happening in my area
What's going on this week
What soccer games are going on Friday
Is there anything going on in Houston this week
music events this week
Are there any music events in Akron tonight
What can I do next week
What are some events in Chicago
Can you show me some more events similar to this one please?
What is happening in Las Vegas tonight
Can you get some more events like this please?
What music shows are happening in Maui
recommend dog-friendly events
What do I have going on tomorrow
music events in Boston on Saturday
anything I would like happening in ann arbor this month
anything fun happening tomorrow please
Are there any esports events this month in Los Angeles
Anything fun happening tomorrow
musical events today
get events that Dominick has RSVPd no to
Operas in Fort Worth Saturday
Things to do in Brunswick next weekend
things to do in hattiesburg this weekend
What can I do on Friday night
whats new in santa clarita
List today's events
what's up in downtown Kissimmee
what is fun to do this weekend
what is fun to do friday night
ceramics workshop in Albuquerque
What softball matches are coming up Thursday
What can I do in Antioch tonight
Is there any sports match in November
events in Vegas this weekend
Anything to do this evening
concerts in San Jose
Concerts in Burbank this weekend
Anything happening in the stockyards tonight
What events are going on in Troutdale tonight
could you show me some other events
Top things to do in Orlando in the next week
Where are the best events for live music this weekend
Things to do in Rochester this week
Car shows happening soon
Are there any fun things to do this week
anything cool happening in my area today
What did I miss yesterday
What's happening the last weekend of December in Detroit
What can I do in New York this weekend
Things going on in Ft Worth this weekend
Is there anything going on in Naples, FL this weekend
upcoming events in Jacksonville
What's there to do at night next week in Oconto
Comedy events in LA tonight
what is going in Orange Park this weekend
Is there anything interesting happening next week in my area
are there some punk bands having concerts this weekend in Georgia
What sports games are happening
Can you get more events similar to Children's Fest please?
What's happening in Baltimore tonight
what is going on at lake lanier this weekend
what is going on in Denver thursday night
What concerts are coming to Sacramento
Events in Atlantic City tomorrow night
show me popular events
movies in southington tonight
sports events in Jacksonville this weekend
What's happening in Las Vegas New Year's Eve at 11:00pm
Are there any tennis matches happening soon
Is there anything to do this Sunday
Whats going on downtown this week
Parties in Minneapolis tomorrow
Are there any concerts coming up in Fargo, North Dakota
Events in Los Angeles tonight
Can you get events I'm invited to?
Whats there to do at home the week of Christmas
Things to do in Boston next weekend
What's fun to do tomorrow night
Current events in New York
Which music events are on this weekend in Basking Ridge
what can i do this weekend
What is happening in Los Angeles tonight
any boat shows this weekend
Help me find events for next weekend
local events this weekend
Fun events in Dallas
What events do you recommend
what is going on in downtown la next friday
Music events in Fan Jose tomorrow
I need something to do tomorrow night
concerts in St Augustine this weekend
Band performances in Memphis
Whats happening tonight
Sporting events in Memphis this Friday
any interesting parties in Jackson this december
What is on events list in Gainesville
Are there any concerts going on this weekend
Are there any ice hockey games happening soon
hilo events next week
concerts in Fresno this weekend
live concerts this weekend
What's happening in Baltimore this weekend
Show me all the concerts in Grand Prairie next weekend
is there a music concert in my neighborhood tonight
what's happening tomorrow in Brooklyn
Events in Atlanta tomorrow
Anything cool going on in hardy tonight
Are there any softball games going on on Saturday
What's going on in West Palm
Show me things to do in Melbourne tomorrow
Hold calls for an hour
Hold on the video call
When did Li graduate from ABC University?
What year did Sue start at Devry?
What year did Theresa graduate high school?
When did Alexis graduate from UNM?
What years did Ralph attend Penn State?
When did Nina started at Purdue?
When did Jaden graduate?
How many years has John been in school
When did Danielle start at the University of Chicago?
What will today's high be?
When is it supposed to start raining tomorrow
What's the temperature for tonight?
Is it going to be cloudy at all today?
Are the odds good that it will rain today
what is the weather like right now?
should I take my coat to work today?
What time will it rain
Is it going to be around 37 degrees C for Dublin next week
will it get above 80 degrees this week?
Is it wise to carry an umbrella with me tonight?
What is the weather for tonight?
How long is it supposed to rain?
How is the hurricane doing over Hawaii?
When will it snow next week?
How many feet of snow are we getting next week?
What time is the tropical storm scheduled to reach Florida?
What was the weather warning
how hot is it this arvo
Display 5 day forecast
How is the weather today
Weather please.
can you tell me today's weather?
Will it snow in Baltimore city in December
How high will it get
give me the weather forecast for next week in miami.
Will it snow on the weekend?
How much rain is expected in New Orleans?
Is it supposed to be very hot and humid today?
tell me the weather outlook for this bank hoilday
is it hot out today?
Will it be raining at 9pm tonight?
Spanish weather please.
Is Ontario having snow today?
What is the weather like in New York
Tell me the weather forecast for Texas.
How is the weather in Toronto?
Is the hurricane coming over here?
What is the weather forecast for Perth tomorrow?
Is there any ice in the forecast for this week
what's the weather for my destination
Is it around 33 in degrees celcius london next week
How warm is it on Friday?
Will it be humid out today?
What does the weather forecast sound like for Turkey?
Will it rain tomorrow or not?
What is the humidity in Egypt
Is there supposed to be cloud coverage today
How many inches of snow is predicted for Thursday?
How warm is it seattle tonight in degrees celcius
What does the temperature feel like today?
Are there thunder storm warnings for Franklin County
How warm is it for Palo Alto tomorrow morning in degree fahrenheit
what is the weather like on Saturday?
how many days this week is rain in the forecast
Will it hail on Tuesday
What will Mauritius weather forecast be over New Year?
What is the long range forecast for my location?
Will it be above 11 in degrees Celsius here
When will rain?
Tell me the weather forecast for Munich, please
Typical weather for Ohio
What is the low temp for tonight
Weather, 76120
Will it storm tomorrow
What's the Ocean City forecast for this weekend
What does it feel like outside?
Weather Prediction for 12:00pm, thank you.
should I wear a raincoat today?
What is the weather forecast for the mid west?
Should I wear sandals or sneakers today?
How is the weather looking in New Zealand?
what's the weather like in miami today
Will it be raining today?
What's the temperature in Miami, Florida?
How humid is it right now?
weather in Rochester
What is the temperature in Yucaipa today?
I'd like to know what it's like out
Is there a chance of snow on Saturday?
what is the weather outside
What kind of weather should I expect for next week?
Is it cold in croatia right now?
What's the high next week?
Should I take gloves?
Let me know what the weather is like.
Tell me what the weather forecast is on Monday
What is the high temp for Monday
How bad the weather is?
Whats the weather like  outside?
How hot it is Celsius?
Will i need to bring a jacket?
What's the latest on the hurricane in the gulf
Is it going to snow Wednesday night?
How windy is it going to be around Fort Mason
How is the weather looking for next Bank Holiday Monday?
When will the rain stop?
What will it be like in Yorkshire on Tuesday night?
how does it feel like today
Is there a tornado nearby
What is next week's forecast
What about the weather in London?
what is the temperature going to be overnight
Should I bring an umbrella today?
What;s thew weather like in Latvia
how cold is it in iceland
This weeks weather for Waikiki, Hawaii?
How hot will it be at noon today?
Is it snowing in Chicago?
Will the temperature hit the triple digits this week
Tell me the weather conditions in Edmonton tomorrow.
Whats the high for the next 3 days?
Any storms today
Temperature tomorrow morning Fahrenheit
Is tomorrow going to be a weather related migraine day
Is there snow in tomorrow's forecast
status of hurricane Lana
When are we supposed to get our first snow
give me a weather forecast for next week
Weather in Dunedin?
What is the weather like in Alabama?
How will the weather be on December 31st?
Tell me what the weather will be this evening.
what time is the tornado warning
Is it snowing in Topeka right now?
is rain forecasted for tomorrow in Greensboro
Tell me the weather for Tuesday to Thursday
How hot is it going to be this weekend
What is the weather like for next week?
what is the forecast for monday
Forecast please for next weekend?
How much snow are we supposed to get in Parker tonight?
Will there be enough snow to go sledding tomorrow
What will the temperature be on Thursday at 4 pm?
What is the chance of rain for today?
weather in philadelphia on friday
Will there be good weather this weekend?
What is the average first day of snowfall in Oxford, MIchigan
The temperature in Celsius outside right now.
should I wear a cardigan today
Can you tell me if there is severe weather in the area
how strong were the hurricane winds
any snow in gympie
Next week's forecast
Is is going to snow tomorrow?
what will the weather be like today?
Weather.
When are we expecting rain
Is snow predicted overnight?
Is there a heat advisory in effect for today?
How hot is it on Monday?
What is the weather in Dubai?
Tell me the forecast for Rome in Italy
What is the temperature in Iceland right now?
Will it rain tomorrow in Austin?
Will it snow in my area this year?
How windy is it on the beach?
What will the weather be like tonight?
Weather for Argentina, thanks
is raining right now
Is it going to freeze any night this week?
what is the temperature in Newcastle?
Please give me a weather update for 3pm
I need to know how cold is it outside
What's the weather forecast for Glasgow next weekend?
How cold is it this weekend around Paris in degree Fahrenheit
what's the maximum temperature tomorrow?
Any severe weather in the forecast?
Is it hot in cancun
temperature tomorrow in Dallas
Tell me this weeks weather forecast.
When is the next time it is forecast to rain?
please show me the temperature
What will the high temperature be at Wells Maine today?
how much does it snow in Alaska
will it rain soon?
Is today a jacket kind of day?
Should I wear a heavy coat or a light jacket outside?
temperature for tomorrow
is Sunday to have sun?
How many nights this week will we drop below freezing
How high is the snow outside?
please tell me the new york weather forecast
current temperature bursa turkey
What is sunday's high?
Can it ever be too cold to snow
What's the temp outside right now?
Is it going to be around 73 in degrees C in Madrid this weekend
How's the weather this weekend ?
Will it rain on Saturday?
How hot is it for San Francisco next week degrees C
will it be cold tonight?
Is it cold Outside?
Are there any weather updates I should know about?
is it raining in London
Is this a good travel week?
Is it supposed to rain in Marshalltown, Iowa next week.
Give me information about what the weather will be like in New York next weekend
How cold is it in Washington State
Is it raining by my office
What is the temperature in Mexico City?
And the weather is?
tell me the forecast for an entire week
will it be cold enough to wear a parka this winter?
Give me the weather forecast for 3rd May please.
is there a special weather advisory?
What's the weather like for the next week?
Is it going to be above 63 in degree F paris tomorrow
It's cold what's the weather?
What does the weather look like tomorrow?
How many inches of rain did Slaton get today?
Will it be a hot one today?
what is the temperature going to be this afternoon
How cold is it at Shanghai in degrees Fahrenheit
What's the temperature right now?
Will it snow on Saturday?
is it snowing in toledo
What's the forecast in Destin, Florida next weekend?
is it warm in mountain view
Please tell me about the weather in Milan
Can you give me the weather for Captial District of New York?
Is Overland Park getting snow on Thursday?
weather prediction on 19 may 2000 in ica
Is it supposed to rain on Thursday?
will it be sunny or rainy tomorrow
Tell me the weather for India on next week
should I bring an umbrella
What's the weather like next weekend?
What is current weather in Paris?
will it snow in nashville today
do i need a coat today
how much rain have we gotten last month
is it raining tonight
It's supposed to rain in Norcross today, isn't it?
How does it look over Quebec?
HOW MUCH PRECIPITATION WILL THERE BE TOMORROW?
What is the weather like in Cincinnati, Ohio?
What is the humidity in Fort Lauderdale today?
What is the weather going to be in Boise at 9 am tomorrow?
Let me know what the weather will be at 3pm
whats the weather forecast for the bank holiday weekend?
Is it cold outside ?
WHEN IS THE WEATHER GOING TO BE MUCH COOLER
What is the weather going to be like in Cornwall this weekend?
Hey bot what the weather going to be like in Manchester
How will the weather be this arvo?
What city in the US has the best weather all year round
can i know what the high temperature for today is expected to be
Tell me the forecast for Germany?
Will it snow this weekend?
Will it be warm this afternoon?
Is it around 64 in Celsius at Shanghai next week
What's the temperature going to be.
Give me the forecast for NY state
What is the forecast for St. John's, Newfoundland?
what is the heat index tomorrow
What will the temperature change be tomorrow
Can I ride with the convertible top down tomorrow? What is the forecast?
update weather
What's the low for today?
What's the high for tomorrow
Weather in England!
Will I need a sweater Sunday?
Will it be icy
Do I need my umbrella
will there be fog in the morning
How hot is it tomorrow palo alto in degrees Celsius
What will the weather be like on Victoria Day?
What's this weekend's weather going to be like?
Give me a weather forecast for Saturday
Is it supposed to storm tonight
What is the weather next week in Miami?
what's the weather gonna be at midnight
is it going to be windy on the beach today
Is it going to rain in NYC on Saturday?
This week's forecast?
What temperature is it in Celcius?
what is the weather next week
it is hot weather today
Talk me through the weather on Tuesday in Taiwan.
What is the weather in New south wales ?
Can I wear shorts to ocean shores today?
Is it above 65 degrees F around Dublin tonight
What's the weather going to be later on?
how many degrees is it in turkey right now
how will Miami be tomorrow?
Hey bot will the weather be ok at 5pm
Is it around 66 in Fahrenheit in Dehli
How would be the weather like at 4 pm?
What where the winds gusts up to today?
Give me information about the weather
Tell me the weather in kelvin
What is the weather in Richfield MN tomorrow night
Needed; 5 day forecast.
What is the weather doing in the New England region?
Should I carry an umbrella tomorrow?
What is the likelihood of storms today
Will it be around 84 in degree fahrenheit out there next week
tell me the forecast for the weekend
Is it below 34 in degrees Fahrenheit in Paris tomorrow
How hot does Arizona get?
Will I need a rainjacket ?
Whats the weather in perth
Will it snow on Christmas day?
How it will be like in Portugal next month?
Tell me the weather in Victoria
Can I go outside and tan
how warm is it today?
What are the high and low temperatures today?
what's tomorrow's weather looking like?
Tell me the weather forecasts for 7pm.
What is the temp in Texas right now
How hot is it out there in degree F
Is it snowing right now?
Are we supposed to have high winds today?
Is today's weather good for swimming?
How cold is it this weekend in Houston in degrees C
How cool will it be Saturday evening
what is the temp in erie
Which direction is the wind blowing
Hot is it going to get this afternoon.
how hot is it today?
Will it be raining on Sunday afternoon at 3pm?
Alter the flight alarm time from 7am to 5am
Update all my study alarms to 5pm
Change alarm to 7pm
Change my reminder alarm.
Change my departure alarm to 2pm
Repeat alarm every Monday
change alarm to 10 am
Change all alarms to only go off Mon-Fri
Update my wakeup alarm to 5am
Replay current song.
play that tool song again
Replay the current song
Replay this song please
repeat current song
Play the current song again please
Replay the song from the beginning
Replay the song from the beginning.
I want to hear that song again
Set the playlist to repeat.
I want you to tell me when the last event begins
I'd like you to tell me when Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz with Nikkita Oliver begins
Tell me when The Handmade & Reclaimed Market begins
I need to call eric
Start audio call to my co - workers group on Messenger
call Darryl Nunez
call Felix my sibling
call Aria Duke instead
call Londyn Steele from my Whatsapp contacts
make phone call
dial Keith Chung right away
ring wives's cell
I'd like to call Jonathan R Miller
Please call Mum on her mobile
Can you try to call Nick?
Initate call to Dad
can you phone Victor Short on WhatsApp
call Carter 's daughter
call daddies
call Staci Okeke 's girlfriend
make a whatsapp call to Victoria Curtis
call spouses
give the wife of Brynn Tyler a call
call Ayden Padilla on video in Whatsapp
call Caroline's sister
Get Alyssa on the phone
Please call Rebecca, Rene, Heather, and Alison
call Melanie one
call Lincoln on Whatsapp video chat
call Cathern Solorio 's boyfriend
call Briella 's auntie
start calling grandpa
can you phone call 555-3726  from cell phone
call Donovan W
we are going to call Gloria Burgess
Call Apostle Buameh
start a call with Hayden Greene, Danielle Kelly, Mary Brewer and Pamela Contreras on Hangouts
call Gentry and Moreno
can you call Jackson Bridges on WhatsApp
call Ella and Juliana
video call the family group
call Lola Fry on Messenger
call Whatsapp Ruby
call Madilyn using Whatsapp video chat
call Reagan Webster whatsapp video
i'd like to touch base with Arthur
link call with uncles
call Cunningham and Huber
Start group call
Call stepmothers Sally
call Jamie 's grandson
Can you call Stephanie R Krueger
call florist
set up a call with Madison
WhatsApp call Michelle
on whatsapp call Stephanie Cruz
Connect the call with my supervisor
call James via WeChat
call Jerome James
call up Kaitlyn Duke's sister
speak to Janet with WhatsApp
Call John
whatsapp call niece's cell
call Jennie Monti 's granddaughter
Ring sister Jill
Video call my mom
call John Mcguire whatsapp video
call Brant Shopp facetime
call Dorathy Jon Postemski 's uncle
Set up a video call to Mark
Can you place a call to Dad
call Yvette
dial Pierce right away
Create a video call with Trinity, Mya, Kendall, and Uriel
make a call to grandma
i'd like to call 555-5419  using my cell
call Ryann Small and Callie Mclean
Make a call to Cindie.
call Alexis my wife
Call Kendall Paislee Jimenez for me
Initiate video chat Tom and his mother Lisa
call the sister of Graham
New call, dial Kyle
call Troy call Evan using Whatsapp
I'd like to call Andrew Rowland Spencer
whatsapp call Destiny Mcconnell's cell
video call Madison Nancy
Dial Mom
call Lillian Christian from my Whatsapp contacts
try calling Brandon Holland
call the father of Peyton Jensen
Video chat my husband.
phone a sisters
WhatsApp call Debra
i'd like to touch base with Madisyn
try calling Joanna with Messenger
we are gonna call Amanda
call Karl
try calling Jennifer Curry with WhatsApp
make a call to 4915552125 on WhatsApp
dial 555-0522
call George number one
Begin call with Briana Sherman and Angelique Mcclure on Messenger
call Judy Collins
on Messenger call James Petersen
call mom now
start calling the grandpa of Rosalie Joseph
touch base with Isaiah
make a call to ollie
start a Hangouts call with Mary
Get me mom
get me my friend Walker
Call bride
call Valeria Walter call Madden Leonard in Whatsapp
call my lass
ring moms's phone
get my grandsons on the phon
Dial my aunt
call Ahmad Cachu right yes
can you start a video call
let's call Uriel using WhatsApp
call Piper Chavez through whatsapp
Call Mary M Welch now
i want to phone call 4085556205 on Skype
Call my income tax agent, please.
I want to call spouses
call Jim Chatampaya 's grandpa
Phone my brother Paul.
reach out to Pam by a call
start conference call
please call 5558168  from iPhone
Call my boyfriend now
can you use Messenger to call Aviana
ping James Petersen
call Amaris A Christopher
phone Jessica Dominguez's mom
Can you call up Xavier, Kevin, and Ryan
Call Popa
call my mom now
try to call Sherman Austin
call my Whatsapp contact Nolan
Please call my wife
I want to call Gaven via WhatsApp
call Lawanna Tafiti 's nephew
try giving call to Sakura Kerry
call all parents please
Organize a call with my family
please dial Edward right away
call Elise O
dial Mom's number
call Ivy 's boyfriend
I'd like to call I Carney
Call sons
call Ariel Rosario call Finn Crawford with Whatsapp
call to kevin
can you call 7105553393 on WhatsApp
Can you start a video call with my Hockey group
Ring my Mum.
I want to call someone
Call Dr. Dewart
Call Teresa please
Call son in law
Redial mum's number
call Luna 's brother
call up Waylon's papa Natalie Schmidt
call Kaila and Jessica and Tyler and Ashlynn
call Zoey 's wife
call Jaden Downs on video with Whatsapp
video chat Carson Jordan and Steve Conner
start a call with lisa please
please dial Emily right away
Can you please call my mother
I want to call my photography group
Start a call Goth
drop Brandon a line
call Lorenzo Lenard Laurelli 's aunt
set up a video call with cousins
Call Tammy
video chat with allen on Line
call Whatsapp Abel Kelly
I wanted to make a phone call
Call Jayla Carole Bautista for me
call Knox with WhatsApp please
call Santiago four
call Yaretzi 's girlfriend
call Musicals group on Whatsapp
Call Frank Russell Blevins now
WhatsApp call Kaila Obrien
start call with my family now
start a call with Elizabeth through WeChat
Call her again
call my aunt
call Regina George
I would like to speak with Elsa, please
call Roderick Peth 's friend
phone the grandpa of Max Black
Please call mum
Call Dominos to order a pizza
call Maurice Chevalier
Call message service
go ahead and call Elias Edney
call my sister Ali Hunter using WhatsApp
phone the spouse of Hudson
call Remi Vega in Whatsapp video chat
Hook up group-family
call Ariah 's mom
can you call Matthew Mckee using WhatsApp
call photography friends on Messenger
call Christina
Start video call with stepsons
I'd like to call Lucia Claire Guerra
call my grandma through whatsapp
call Joseph four
I need you to call Mr Brown
please call family group
call the last Lisa
I'd like to call with my cousins Ashlyn, Linda, Chloe, and Angel on Whatsapp
Can you call Raymond White Wright
call Ronald instead
I need to give my dad a call
Call family group
on whatsapp call Ann Pennington's cell
please call Edgar Lucas right away
Call Jeremy
hey, call Bob for me?
I want to start up a video call with Cheyenne Reynolds and Wesley Hopkins
Video call Bob.
I'd like to call with my cousins Hailey, Gerald, Maximilian, and Kristina on Wechat
I'd like to call King Emanuel Perez
call Kellee Aguino 's spouse
Ring Mom.
please start call with all of my friends
call my Whatsapp contact Alexa Delgado
Call my nephews in Tucson
call Marry Bekerman 's daughter
Please call John
Please call Jane
Can you call aunt?
Sundown happens when?
What time did the sun set on August 5th 1922
When does the sun go down today
what time does it start getting dark outside
Does Jack live in Ithaca?
What is the house number that Leah lives in
What city does Lance work in?
Does Kim live in Lakeland
Is Jack still in Livermore?
Where was Melania Trump born?
Tell me the location of the first event
where is Ines' work place?
Where does Robert born?
I need you to tell me where this event is at?
Does Lili live in egypt?
Is Tom's home address in Largo?
christines home address please
What is the address to Scotty's school?
Where does Sam live
Tell me where the last event is at
Can you please list Tara's postal address at work?
Does Larry live in San Leandro?
where does Kade work
What is John's new home address?
What is Amanda's home address?
Find Sam's work address.
Where's Comic Con at?
would you tell me the location of this event
does sam still lives in the same home address
Info about Mario's work address
What's Jose sales territory?
where is kim?
What is Steven's address?
Li's home address
Where's the second event at?
Where does Kenny live in Washington?
Where does Miguel live?
Tell me where Kim lives
Does Kathie still live on Riverview Street?
does Keanu Reeves live in L.A.
not going to An Evening with Debra Messing
mark me as not going to Brickpalooza
not going to Bark in the Park
I don't want to go to Katja Petrowskaja: A Family Story Between Memory and Forgetting
mark me as not going to Open Stage NYC
I don't want to go to the second event
change my status to not going for the fifth event
change my status to not going for this event
Remove all alerts to order lunch this week for work.
Cancel reminder to buy groceries this Thursday
Get rid of all reminders regarding Jason's movie premiere
Delete my cooking reminder.
Delete reminder to book clown for my daughters birthday party next month.
Delete reminder of piano lessons for Wednesday.
Delete my Gym reminders for December next year.
Delete all the reminders created to get the school project done
cancel my reminder to call john tomorrow
Please delete the reminder about eggs.
Delete the birthday party reminder.
Delete the reminder about cat food.
Please remove all future reminders about dance classes from the schedule
Cancel my reminder for work
Delete all the reminders about the Collective Radio Network Board meetings.
Cancel all my reminders for Friday
Can you delete the reminder that I asked you to set, to clean the attic this weekend?
Cancel any reminders I have before 9:00 AM on Sunday.
Please remove this week reminders regarding chores.
delete reminder to email soccer team about game
delete the reminder about rubens party on saturday as its been cancelled
Remove this week's reminder to take out the recycling.
Remove the alert about the delivery appointment for Friday morning.
Don't remind me anymore about picking up flowers for Grandma.
Cancel all of my reminders for next Friday after 2:00 pm.
Please delete all of my reminders for Monday
cancel appointment reminder for Wednesday
remove all my reminders about work at my old job
cancel my dinner reminder for friday at 5 pm
Delete the reminder for Otis to walk the dog tomorrow at 8 PM.
Delete my lunch reminders.
Can you remove the last reminder I created about my coffee date?
Cancel reminder to change the oil.
Delete it.
Can you please cancel the reminder for this Sunday for lunch, as my friend has to go outstation urgently?
Delete all reminders and alerts about Patrick.
can you get rid of all the reminders relating to tonights pot luck supper event
Delete my reminder about calling Grandma tonight.
Delete all reminders for prescription pick ups.
I do not need to be reminded that I have to get fruitTonight at work
Delete reminder about Jay's dinner
Don't remind me to check mail at 8 am tomorrow
Delete all reminder alerts for the next 4 hours.
Can you delete the reminder for Tuesday's dance class?
Delete my reminder to get my car inspected in August.
Delete the reminders for the vacation shopping lists.
cancel of my reminders for tomorrow
Please cancel all of my reminders for the month of August.
cancel all my reminders
Delete the reminder for girls night tomorrow at 5 pm.
delete my earliest reminder
I don't need the reminders to pay the cable bill anymore.
Delete my movie reminder for Saturday.
please delete every lunch reminder i have with clark for next month
delete reminder to call doctor for appointment
Please delete reminder for tomorrow's 5pm video tennis team meeting.
Take the brunch reminder off my calendar for Sunday
Delete all of my reminders related to swim team buddies activities.
delete reminder to pick up milk
Delete all reminders.
please remove all game night reminders for January
Cancel my reminder for picking up my husband's dry cleaning, he can do it himself, the jerk
cancel all trash take out reminder
Delete my tv show reminder.
delete all my reminder for coming sunday
Cancel all my reminders
Remove the reminders I have for dinner with Felix
delete my reminder for before bedtime
Erase the reminder about work this week.
Remove the alert on my reminder for sleeping early.
can you delete reminders
I have to reschedule tomorrow's meeting, so please delete that reminder.
Remove my reminder for James' 11am baseball game
Identify all the reminders that have to do with my Friend Angela and erase them
Begin stopwatch
Can you please set the timer for 45 minutes for the cake to bake?
Set the timer to record my show at 8pm
set an Egg timer
Start a new timer for 20 minutes.
set my timer for 46 minutes
please make a timer for 10:30.
Start a timer.
start a timer named section 1 of exam
make a move chicken to fridge timer
Start my gym timer.
set the timer at 25 minutes for the cake
Set timer for 10 minutes and delete
create a four hour timer and nine minute timer and four hour and forty five minute timer
please start a timer for 20 minutes, beep at 10 minutes
create Face mask timer
Set a timer for 25 minutes for the brownies.
START THE TIMER
set the timer for one hour
start stopwatch timer
set the timer for 15 minutes
Time 1 hour
set a new timer for Reese
Set timer for every 30 minutes
set a timer for baking a cake
PLEASE SET A TIMER FOR 3 HOURS
put up one timer for 17 minutes and another for four minutes and a another for 24 minutes
make Move chicken to fridge timer
Set my timer for 45 seconds.
please start a 12 minute timer
lunch break is 15 minutes, set timer
Set new timer for 30 minutes
can you please set timer for 15 minutes
Set my timer again
Set a timer for 2 and a half hours from now
set a timer for the chicken in the oven
Set the timer for 50 minutes
For timer, set it to go off in 30 minutes
set two timers one for seven seconds one for 30 minutes
Set a timer for 15 minutes again.
set time for two hours and ten minutes
Make a timer for 30 minutes.
set timer for my travel time
repeat the timer with 2 minutes
Set a timer for 6 hours.
bot; set the timer
can you fix a timer
Set timer for 10 min
set timer for 20 minutes.
Start a timer for 25 min.
One minute timer please
I need a timer for dinner.
can you start another timer
Start a timer in one minute for 5 minutes
Make a workout timer for 45 minutes
Set a timer called walk dog
Start a timer for 21 minutes from now
start my timer
Set the timer for 30 min. I do not want to leave the hair color in for too long
Set timer for 20 minutes, start
I NEED A TIMER DURING THE TASK
I need a timer.
Add second timer for 35 minutes
set up new timer
please set a 90 sec timer
put up one timer for 17 minutes and a second for 1628 seconds and a third for 8 minutes
set timer for 90 min
Can you set my workout timer?
set time number 5 for 30 mins
Set a timer for 24 minutes
Timer will start now
Set a timer for 8 PM on Mondays for Bachelorette showings
Start timing my exercise
Set timer for 33 minutes and remind.
Add 30 minutes to timer set for Tuesday at 5 pm.
Set countdown for 1 minute, remind me 10 seconds before end of countdown
create one timer for 15 minutes and a second timer for 15 minutes
set a timer for 6 minutes
can you set a timer for 30 minutes
Add timer for baking cookies and set it for 11 minutes
can you set a timer for 5 minutes please
Set a timer for 3 minutes
set a timer for 7 minutes
Start a timer now and end in 15 minutes
convert this audio call to video
audio calling mode on
turn off this video call for me
Switch to video call.
Make this a video call
Change this back to an audio call.please
turn on video calling
Switch the call to full screen only
Is Dominic a Microsoft Certified Engineer?
Do not play any rap music please
don't play this artist again
no country music ever
Delete the current song please
Do any of my friends work on Wall St?
Did any of my friends graduate from OU?
Tell me Linn homies birthdays
Who are the friends that went to Harvard?
Who of my friends live in Giza?
do you know any of my friends from Medan ?
Which of my friends lives in beaufort
How many of my friends went to U of I?
Tell me who is working at Burger King
Friends of Kellon.
does anyone i know live in texas
did any of my friends graduate from SCU?
does Jackson Reed have a son?
Do I have any friends at UB?
Who works for international paper
Who works at Nike?
let me see my friends who have birthdays tomorrow
are there any birthday's this wednesday
who is mary's cousin?
Looking for friends who attended KU.
anyone of my friends living in Seattle
Who works at Twitch?
Who works at Wells Fargo?
could you find Carolyn Clark Bolton
Is there anyone I know in Miami?
I need to know Antony's friends
How many people in my friends list went to Brown U ?
Family members that went to Texas State
Tell me Leslie's friends
Show friends of my sister
Who is Sally's teacher?
Friends of Jolene?
who graduated from southern
who works at Farmer's Insurance
Who graduated from harvard
Do I know anyone living in New York City?
Who works in Disney World?
who graduated from uconn
let me know anyone on facebook now
Does Gloria Garcia have any friends by the name Emmanuel on her Facebook page?
Who do I know in Alaska?
find Julius Reed
find people who are employed at Pfizer.
Do any of my friends live on Miami?
Find friends of Chris
did  anyone I know get educated in another country
Show first cousins birthdays
Show Clara Ross Usina fathers in law birthdays to me
Who works in Venice
Who went to Chicago Tech?
does Julia Carvey have a stepbrother?
Who is Diane?
What friends have birthdays in June?
do i know anyone from california
Do I have friends that work for Yahoo?
Find friends who work at Disney.
Taylor's dad is who?
Which of my friends attended KU?
please show my friend on the screen
How many friends do I have that live in New York City
Who works for savannah pd
Whose birthday is on the 29th of September?
Who graduated from HBC in George?
Find who works at Bradesco Bank.
Find Ashlee Brown's mother
Do I know anyone who went to Yale?
Dads friends names
Did any of my friends attend UW-Waukesha?
The name of my friend that works at Starbucks
Which friends' alma mater is KU?
friends of Lucy
Tell me who works at Portuguese Bakery?
find who work at whole food
Who works at the gym
Who works in New York City
How many of my friends attended University of Phoenix?
Give me the names of the people who work for Williams Family Dentistry.
Can you tell me the names of friends who went to San Diego University?
Do any of my cousins currently attend the University of Scranton?
Did anyone go to state of florida
Which of my friends went to Louisiana Tech?
Who works at the Baker Shoes in the Boise mall?
Show daughters in law birthdays
Which of my family members have December birthdays?
What birthdays are coming up in on the 17th of April?
Do you know who is in charge on this hotel?
Do I know anyone who graduated from Indiana State University?
display friend list please
Tell me who worked at Heinz Field
Show all Krista A. Selvaggi fathers-in-law upcoming birthdays
Which of my friends have birthdays in March?
Do any of my friends attend Eastern?
Can you please tell me who works at Mcdonalds?
find friends who got a master's degree
Who that Mrs. Maryln Truocchio know was born on June 7th?
Who went to UCR?
Any one here came from Alexandria?
I want to see people who work for Linkedin.
Whose birthday is on October 7th?
do any of my friends go to harvard
Which of Max Wollin grand daughters have birthdays coming up?
Did anyone get a masters from MIT?
Who has a birthday this month?
Find people who attended Lakeland High School
How many birthdays are on January 18th, 1967?
I'm looking for someone that works at Sonic.
birthdays this month
Who is Michael jordan
who is Kathy's husband?
please display my friends application
List friends of Butch
Pull up Mr. Elvert Aunts birthdays on the screen
persons working at Menlo park.
Friends of margaret
Show Maragret Kopriva sisters in law birthdays
I need you to find Mateo for me
what friends live in philadelphia
Who works at Xerox?
How many of my friends live in Metairie?
who on my friend's list has attended USM
Who is from Boston?
Show me Whitelaw Grandparents birthdays
Who works at Mansoura university
Do I have missed calls from yesterday?
Did I remember to video call John today?
tell me what calls I've missed
find me some of the calls that I have made today
Find me calls from this afternoon.
get my call history with kelly from yesterday
I want to know my list of calls for today?
Do I have any video call tonight with Donny?
Show me all missed calls please
Please show me all my missed calls today
delete my old list
I want to find out about Joe.
who is David
Who is lauren?
Tell me a little more about Miss. LeDoux's background.
Who is phil?
What is the connection to Henry
Is Aaron a friend of Lili?
tell me about Michael
What are some facts about Josh
Who is James
is pete wentz bipolar
I want to know more about Jack
What are Rachel's favorite TV shows?
Tell me about ramon
Who is Keesha?
Tell me about Laura Karlson
What do you know about Peter?
Who is Aubrey and does she live near em
I'd like more info on suzy
How many children does Paula Abdul have?
Give me information about Ahmed?
Cancel all the timers.
end the timer
Delete my timers
id like to cancel my timer i have set
change on plans, cancel timer
Cancel timer
clear timer history
Cancel the timer set for noon today.
delete current timer
end timers
Cancel my current timer.
cancel all timers and alarms
message cancel
how to cook easy food
What's a basic recipe for chicken Marsala
Please find me vegan recipes
recipes for dinner
How do I make pizza
how to make Ethiopian food
guacamole recipe
Find me the recipe for Napoleon Cake
Find me a recipe for sugar cookies
gluten free recipes on a budget
find an authentic recipe for chicken enchiladas
Find a good recipe for crispy garlic chicken
italian recipes
i need a recipe for teryaki chicken
How do you cook spaghetti
How do you make noodles from a zucchini
How can I make my own cheese
Find me a recipe for a 200 calorie dessert
what is the recipe for lemon bread
Help me find some dessert recipes
Find a recipe for toll house cookies with pecans
how to make homemade brownies
What is the best way to make scrambled eggs
unique recipes for lasagna
Tell me a smoothie recipe
I want a good recipe for cole slaw
Show me recipes on how to make kale greens
find a good chocolate dessert
What kind of dinner recipes can I make using peanut butter
find me a recipe for garlic bread
I want to cook pho, what do I need
how to make ice cream at home
do you have any good recipes for pho
I need a recipe for vegan chocolate cake
Find me a recipe that using burger
Find pie recipes
How do I make mashed cauliflower
How to do you cook chicken queso casserole
what are some ideas for kids lunches
How do I make lasagna
I'm looking for a pesto recipe
I'm looking for chicken recipes
How do I cook paleo noodles
How do you make cheesecake
How do I make homemade chocolate chip cookies
Find me an overnight oats recipe
Find vegan entree recipes
easy meatloaf recipies
How do you make home-made ice cream
find me a recipe with black olives
what is the recipe for homemade cookies
Quick and easy recipes
find a wheat bread recipe
recipe for baked carrots
find me a chicken curry recipe
what are some good chicken meals
what is the recipe for PF changs chicken soup
How can I make brownies
How do I cook fried rice
I'd like to make Chicken Pot Pie from scratch
Find me a healthy recipe for baking a cake
how do i cook a veggie burger
I want to make a roast
How to make a turkey
what is a healthy recipe for hummus
Vegan birthday cakes
vegetarian soup recipe
I need a recipe for homemade pie crust
How do you make vegetarian lasagne
Find me a recipe for chicken salad
find me boneless chicken breast recipes
Recipes that incorporate matcha
How do you make Spanish rice
I need to cook steaks.. how do I do that
Steps to make collard greens
Find a recipe using a ham
what flavour of ice cream can I make with fruits
blueberry pancake recipe
How do you make Pho
how to make chicken alfredo
what's an easy wedding soup recipe
How do I make a Bolognese Sauce
what is the recipe for banana bread
Find me a recipe for sugar cookies
show me easy healthy slow cooker recipes
Find a recipe for crab soup
How do I make Hummus
how do you cook pasta
What kind of event is Sleeping Beauty Dreams?
What kind of event is Burning Man?
What kind of event is Trash Party?
set my status as unavailable
Unavailable
I need to be set to unavailable.
place myself as being unavailable
switch my status from available to not currently available
Change my online visibility to unavailable
set to user unavailable
out of reach
I want to be inactive now please
Show busy status
Make me unavailable online
make sure i'm unavailable
Please put me as unavailable
Make myself unavailable.
Make my status unavailable
Please change my availability to unavailable
Whatsapp as my default for calling
can you eat raw chicken
Should I char a burger first
Is there any iron in chocolate
is salt a neccessary ingredient to make crepe
Should I boil the water before adding the pasta
Do I need tomatoes for tacos
Do I have to use butter
Does pie have molasses in it
Does ricotta cheese go in lasagna
Can you use apple cider vinegar in place of vinegar
Is chicken softer than turkey
Should I melt the butter
Can I omit the salt in chocolate chip cookies
is there meat in bolognese
Is hamburger and ground beef the same thing
Do I have to let it cool off first
DOES RATATOUILLE HAVE MEAT IN IT
make a playlist called: Walk Like A Badass
make a playlist called Trap Land
create a playlist: Hot Country
create a playlist: Happy Drive
Show me how to cancel reminders manually.
leave this call and switch to the new call
Please switch calls
leave and go to new call
switch to different call, hang up current
End current call, start new call
please switch me to the other phone call
please switch me to the other line
pause call and switch to new call
I want to switch calls
What was Susan's First College?
Did Mel graduate from college?
Resume playing music.
which year Shasi Kapoor die?
What time did Sam videochat with me yesterday?
What time did the school call me today?
When was the last time Luke called me?
when did i video call dave
When did Grandma try to video call me?
What time did Brendan video chat me?
When was the last time I had a video call with John?
alter timer
modify timer
Postpone today's 15 minutes study timer
Modify timer to reduce timer for 50 seconds
please change my Vacuum timer
please update my Move chicken to fridge timer
update my wake up wife timer
Change my existing timer to 30 minutes remaining
change the time on the laundry timer
Change cookie timer to 11 minutes
Ignore calls from my daddies Chuck
Could you ignore the call
Ignore calls from my grandma
please reject this call
don't answer this call
ignore jane
DO not answer calls from Shirley
please dont answer the call
Don't pick this one up
It's my mom, send it to voicemail
when does the sun rise
tell me what time dawn is thursday in anaheim
how much longer until sunrise
Begin incoming video call
please answer Zara Angelica
can you pick up Austin Pate's call
answer any calls from my girlfriend
Pick up the call from my brother.
Answer this call from my mothers in law.
please answer On Marina
answer any calls from scott immediantly
Answer the call from moms Trudy
what's the latest health news
North Korea latest news please
what is the lastest news in my area tonight
What is the big headline today
What are some recent events that have happened
Current news for Cincinnati, Ohio.
show me news updates on north korea
Local news update.
Show me news headlines for today
What are the top headlines in the Wall Street Journal today
What is the latest news for what is happening in China
read the world news.
What are the headlines out of the EU
whats the news on donald trump?
What's the latest news on OJ Simpson?
Please give me the local news.
Any recent news on Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce?
any new details about north korea?
Breaking news in europe right now
breaking celebrity news
world news
Canada's current news
can you show channel 9 news live news
read my headlines please
Recent celebrity news
What are this morning's headlines?
recent world headlines
What was the biggest news story yesterday?
any news about kanye west
What is in the news headlines today?
What's on the local news
Can you read me the details of the story about Jennifer Aniston
Read me the latest headlines about President Trump
Can I have the headlines please
was there any news about the concert in portland
Please give me a worldwide news update?
what the latest news on female trafficking in india
Open most recent article form Vice
what is the follow up story about the child in the daycare bus
what are the headlines for Europe
Who is making the headlines
tell me news about oregon
play me the news headlines please
Read me the headlines for Chicago
Read details about the murder in Charlotte
what's up in the news today?
Has Bill Clinton been in the news lately
give me news on donald trump
whats the latest news in politics in sacramento
Give me the news from Fox News
Any news from the White House today?
Last week's local news
what are the recent news headlines
Get me the latest news on the stock market
give me latest news on phillies
Any last minute news
what is the top headlines from the New York Times
Any important world news?
is there any news news about president trump?
Anything interesting in the entertainment news section?
Show me the news from Newsy
what were the headlines on pix news last night
News update on Beyonce
what's in the news
Give me a news update on Game of Thrones.
anything happen today in the news
Headline news today
read the recent news headlines
Give me any news on the Daniel Clay case.
read me the latest headline on the Russian investigation
Read me headlines about the stock market
any news about Taylor Swift
Mexico's recent news
any recent news about hilary clinton
Recent pop news
Read me my news
What are the headlines on CNN?
What is the latest Trump news
Can you tell me the headlines?
whats going on in the news today
Today's headlines in Sarasota
What is the current news in Japan?
I wanna know the news
what are the world news headlines
News about the President from this morning.
What's new in the national news?
what is the latest news update in denton
recent movie news
give me latest headlines from MSNBC
News on trump.
What is the latest news in Chicago?
What is the latest in sports news?
Latest news on Putin please
What are the top news stories in Science
give me news from WCCO Channel 4
Football news
What just happened in the news
tell me about the news on war on terrorism
Are there any updates on the situation with North Korea
Tell me all recent news headlines
read health headlines for washington post
what's going on in Russia News today
please tell me the world headlines
any tesla news today
what is local news
US News updates
Please read me the latest news about last nights protest?
are there any recent news headlines about north korea
top news stories
what are the details about OJ sentence
What are the top news events going on in the US
Give me CNN headlines
Show me the news for today?
Find CNN article on voting restrictions
Give me a world news update
Read the funniest news title from today
Show me headlines from MSNBC
give me the news update for around the world.
give me a news update on Atlanta Falcons
what news is happening in florida?
Give me the latest global news.
give me us news
any new animal news stories
Top three local headlines please
Please read local headlines.
Last minute world news
what is currently trending in news
Read me the news around my town
Latest breaking news
most recent news in seattle
Open up top stories
Read me the top news headlines
what the top story from the new york times?
POLITICAL NEWS HEADLINES PLEASE
Let me hear the news on O.J. Simpson?
Give me a brief overview of top US stories
Latest news updates please
please read the details about bill cosby's court trial
READ ME THE NEWS HEADLINES
Read me all headlines about North Korea
Get news from the Washington Post
Show me the news from the New York Times
Give me a financial update from Wall Street
I need the news
recent news on los angels crimes
What are the top headlines for national news
What is the headline on the New York Times
Give me an update on the flooding in Houston
Read me tonight's news headlines
I want to know the current news related to Bears Ears national monument
whats latest crime news
please read me the top headlines
Get Travel ban news
What news is there in St. Louis today?
give me the news update for around the world.
Show me news from Europe
give me local news headlines
is there any news on the north korea threats
please give me a news update
is there any national news about the war in Syria
show news from newsy
give me the most recent news stories
ARE THERE ANY DEVELOPMENTS IN THE CASEY ANYTHING CASE
Give me details on the healthcare repeal.
what were the headlines on pix news this morning
What are the top US news stories today
is there any news on the new healthcare proposal?
I want to see some news in 1985
news update now
Can you give me more information about the new immigration laws
any news on the president?
Give me a news update on the children dying at the Indian hospital
What are the top news headlines
What is the news with the food recall?
What are the news from France ?
Give me news updates from the New York Times
Give me the top national news stories.
any headlines about obama
play news on cnn
Any recent news about Obama?
what is the headline for today's paper
live the washington post updates
Give me details on Dow Jones
find fake news
Update the current news
Give me the latest news please
Fill me in on the latest cable news broadcast
read me the latest news update about the transgender ban in the military
Brief me on the latest American political news.
read me the top news stories
Show me the latest news from Reuters
What's the current news on the U. N.?
What is the headline news on MSNBC?
Please read the details about Donald Trump's threats via Twitter to North Korea
Any news about the nintendo switch
what is the latest breaking news?
give me my news headlines
What's the latest news updates
What is the most important national story at the moment
Details on Russia election tampering
I need more details about the OJ Simpson case
Recent news on OJ Simpson trail
Election update
Any news on the marijuana legalization in Sonoma County
What are London's top stories this week?
Bot, find articles about nuclear weapons.
Can you give me more news about China
Tell me the latest gossip news
what were the sky news updates
Donald trump news please
Read me last nights sports headlines
can you give me any news about Guam and North Korea
What's the latest entertainment news
please tell me world news as it applies to my likes
Give me a news story from Japan
Drop Samuel from this call
Add stepdaughters to current call
put Satapana on this call too
Put in Glenda to this call
Invite Aaron to call
Invite mom to add to call
Hey add Steve Johnson to this video call
Add David to phone call.
Add Roxy and Sarah to this call
add Jason to the call too
Add in Joaquin Kukauskas please
Can you add my brother to this call?
Would you add in Mazie Echter?
Have Kelly taken off the group call
remove my brother from this call
add Janice to call
Add David to the phone call with Toni
add Charity Starchman
Patch Alex into this call
Add MARIO to the call
add Mackenzie
add stepmother to call
I want Wife removed from this call
invite Jean and Bill to this call
add Peyton
please ask mom to join the call
add daughter to this call
please invite sara to the call
Put Helen into this call.
add Maria
Add Melissa to the call
Take Manuel off this call please
Add person to call, John
Would you add in Megan?
add sarah on this call too
I need to add someone to this call
Adjust this call by making it a video call
Add Alexander to call
Can I remove Vicky from this video call?
invite Jake to call
Please add in Nickole Vasquiz
Can you add in Reva Radomski ?
I want you to include manager in the call
How old will Kate be on her birthday?
Is Jim going to be 60 on January 24th
do you know Sam's age?
How old is Malcolm
Tell me how old Mary is.
How old is Kyle
How old will John be this year?
How old is Kus?
How old is Tammy?
Does Trevor turn 18 tomorrow?
Play previous song
can you play the previous track
please play the last song again
re-play previous track
Replay the last song two more times
play last song again please
playback that last song.
make my You aren't done running till this goes off timer 11 minutes shorter
remove 1 hour from my timer
please remove 1 hour from my timer
reduce timer by 1 minute
Shorten the time on timer for face mask.
Remove 5 minutes from the timer.
please reduce my timer by 10 minutes
subtract 17 minutes from my Oven timer
take 11 minutes off the timer
What concerts are happening in the South
What is Selena Gomez's new album
What's the number one song on the billboard?
Can Mick Jagger play any instruments
WHAT IS THE NUMBER SONG ON ITUNES RIGHT NOW?
I need you turn off the alarm
Disable my alarm please
Stop my alarms from ringing.
Shut up your voice dear alarm.
Turn off my alarm please.
Reset alarm
Turn alarm off now
Turn off my nap alarm.
I'm up
shut off the ringing
Stop all alarms for the day
Terminate alarm
Make me a daily alarm at 6pm please.
Set an alarm for 10am tomorrow
Create me an alarm for tomorrow afternoon.
Set my alarm for one
Set my daily alarm to 3am.
Make an alarm for 11:59pm on the 12th of May please
Create repeating alarms for Tuesdays and Wednesdays
Add an alarm for Sunday 9am
Set my alarm for minute from now
Could you please set my alarm for 4 am for every Saturday?
Make an alarm for every other saturday at 8pm.
create an alarm for Monday at 8
Activate my Friday May 5th alarm
Please set an alarm
Set up morning alarm 06am tomorrow.
Set my alarm for 55 mins
Prepare a new alarm for tomorrow morning
Set alarm for tomorrow afternoon at 3pm
A new alarm for 3pm needs to be set
Set alarm for 9 a.m flight
Set up an alarm for today at 7pm
Please have alarms ready for 9pm and 10am
I want daily alarms at noon and 6pm
Set a daily 6am alarm.
have alarms go off tomorrow morning
Set up an alarm for 8 and 9am
set alarm for 9 tomorrow morning
make an alarm for 07h20
Repeat my alarm every Saturday at 2pm for the next 2 weeks
I need alarms for 7am and 7:30am
Help me to remember to water the garden on Fridays at 7pm
Please can you make an alarm for tomorrow morning
New alarm for film contest tomorrow at 8
create alarms for sundays at 6:am and 9:00pm
I need a new alarm for 7 AM
Second alarm 20 minutes later
Make an alarm for Friday 7am for 2 weeks
Create an alarm for 4th May, 5pm
Create alarm for Saturday evening 8:30
Create a wake up alarm for 3am.
turn on all alarms
Create a new alarm for 2pm on Wednesday.
Alarm set 5 am
Set the alarm for baking the turkey for 4 hours.
start 5:30pm alarm
Please set alarm for 12th of june
repeat morning alarm daily
Set an alarm for every 7 minutes.
wake me up at 7am daily
Wake me up at 7am on the 2nd
Set up an alarm for me
Set alert for weekdays at 6am
Please set an alarm for every twenty minutes for the next 3 hours
On the 15th set an alarm for midday
Set repetitive alarm for 12pm Saturdays
Set a go to gym alarm
Please register an alarm to activate tomorrow morning
Alarm for 9 am, every day this week
Set alarm for 8am
Set two alarms for tomorrow.
please turn on clock for 6:00am
set alarm for saturday at 8 am
turn on the alarm
Turn on alarm for tomorrow morning
set for alarm for sunday morning at 9am
Create an alarm to get me up at 7am
Set alarm every minute for 2 hours
I need to wake up at 6am
Let me know the time at 8am everyday.
set alarm for 6 a.m.
Make the alarm ring every Tuesday at 2
Set me an alarm.
Alarm for June 3rd at 8pm
Make an alarm Tuesdays at 8AM
Set alarm to sunrise tomorrow
set alarm for 4am tomorrow
Alarm called 'Gym alarm' for tomorrow at 4pm
set an alarm for 3 pm today
turn on the clock for 8:45 PM
set an alarm for 7:00 am tomorrow
Set an alarm for 7:30 p.m
Set an alarm for 8am for every Monday for 4 weeks
Set new alarm for 7am on Tuesday morning
Make 'get me up' alarm for 7 AM
Let's have an alarm every Saturday at 11am
Set alarm for 7am every other day starting today
set an alarm for 10 am sunday morning
make alarms to go off every thursday at 11am
set an alarm for 0455
Set an alarm for bedtime for 10pm tonight.
Please set an alarm Thursday
Set a reminder alarm for tomorrow noon.
set reminder alarm.
set alarm for every half hour
set an alarm in twenty minutes from now and one hour from now
set a repeating alarm for 7 am
Activate 'bed' alarm for 10pm
Schedule an alarm every Thursday this month
Set a new alarm for 1st June at 9:45am please
Set alarm for 5:00 am
fix weekly alarm for Wednesday at 5am
Set up 'medicine' alarm for 4 pm
Go ahead and set am alarm for 5 am
set alarm for 12:20pm
Set me an alarm for Wednesdays at 5pm called 'squash'
New alarm for tomorrow at 10:30 am please
set me an alarm called 'get up for work' at 7am tomorrow morning
Please set an alarm for 4pm.
make my alarm go off on monday to friday 7am
Set me two alarms for Wednesday being 9am and 10.30am
set an alarm for 0650
Alarm Friday 6:45am please
Make me an alarm for tomorrow morning please
Make a new alarm for tomorrow evening.
set an alarm for 7am tomorrow
Alarm next Tuesday to get the package at 6pm.
Make an alarm for 25th May at midday
Set an alarm for 2 minutes please
Make alarm for every monday at 10am
I want a new alarm
set an alarm for 10 am tomorrow
Repeat alarm Wednesday 4pm for 5 weeks
Activate 'wake me' alarm for 7am
Set an alarm for 4:45 am
Make me an alarm to go off every Tuesday at Noon for 4 weeks
set a lunch time alarm for noon
Alarm 2am.
Set an alarm for 6am.
set an alarm for 5h25
New alarm to wake me up
Set an alarm for 10 at night.
Start monthly alarms for Tuesdays at 6 am and 6 pm
Set alarm to go off in ten minutes
Wake me up in the morning
Create alarm for in the morning.
Create alarms for next week at 5am
Set alarms for 8 and 9 on Saturday
Create alarm for Thursday morning
make an alarm for 430h
turn on my alarm
set an alarm for 7:15am
Alert me at 9am on Sundays
Set a repeating alarm every Friday at 3pm for 4 weeks
Set alarm for 11 am tomorrow
Set a repeating alarm for every Wednesday at 6 in the evening.
please set an alarm for 3:00 pm every day
set up daily alarm for 9AM
Wake me up at 7am every morning
Set alarm for 'football' every sunday at 1pm
new alarm for 27th may at 6pm
Alarm must be set for tomorrow
Set alarms for 7 am every weekday
Set an alarm for 12am please
Start alarm for 9am every Sunday biweekly
On July 16th activate an alarm
Set my birth control alarm
set alarm for 8am every sunday
can i have an alarm for tuesdays 7pm
I need to exercise at 2pm tomorrow afternoon
Set a bedtime alarm for 7pm
Create go to sleep alarm
Put an alarm on for 5:10 on the 23rd
Create an alarm that goes off every week day at 7:30am
Set an alarm for 6 pm
set up an alarm to put up an out of office message for holidays on thursday,20th of december
set alarm for every monday 7am
Every Friday 5pm new alarm.
Create an alarm June 3rd for 3 in the afternoon.
Can you create a bed time alarm for tonight?
create alarm for 4.15 pm and 7pm
can you set an alarm for one and a half hours from now
i have to wake up at 7am
Create a new alarm for Mondays.
Please set an alarm for 30 minutes from now.
Please set recurring alarms for Mondays at 6:45am, and 7:00am.
Set alarm for 7 pm today
Repeating alarm please, Thursdays at 9am.
I need an alarm for 8.30am
create alarm for 15h30
Set an alarm called 'gym' at 6am
set alarm for 8 hours from now
Create a new alarm for 7:30 PM today
set the alarm to go off in just one minute
Set weekend alarm to 8 am
set an alarm for 9 pm
Set an alarm for 6am, thank you.
Set new alarm for 12 noon
I need a new alarm for 8:30 am
Set alarm for go time
Set chill alarm now
Wake me up at 7 on May 12th.
can you setup an alarm for Friday at 9am
set an alarm for Wednesday at 4:20pm
Set alarm to eat lunch.
set a dinnertime alarm for 7 pm tomorrow
Create alarms for 6am and 7am tomorrow
Make alarm my work alarm.
Set a new alarm for every Monday at 8am
Create an alarm for each day of the week
sound alarm at 01h00
Set alarm for 10am every Monday
New alarm 8am
please set my alarm to 6:30 am
Set an alarm for 7am Monday through Friday.
Ring at 5pm
Set recurring alarm from 1 PM daily
set an alarm for 5h00
Create an alarm for 2pm
One hour for alarm
What is Mel's highest level of education?
What degree did Lily get?
Who rang me at midday?
Who called me at 3AM?
who was this morning's missed call from?
Repeat my timer
Start timer over.
reset timer and change it to 20 mins
restart current timer
please restart timer in 15 minutes
reset my timer
Reset all timers.
restart timer please
Is Carol employed currently at Sears?
is Bill still employed at citizen's bank
Who does john work for
Please tell me where Jerry works
does Homero work at a College?
What company does Jessica work for?
Where does James work
Does Kathy work in High Point?
Has Danielle ever worked for NHU?
Who works with Judy at Gage County?
Where does John work?
where does bob work
Did Laila work for AT&T
is monica still working at target?
Which bookstore is Lisa working right now?
Who is Lisa's current employer?
Who is Peter's employer?
for which company does John work ?
Does Judy work at Google
Did I have any reminders today?
Do I have any reminders for this morning?
What are the reminders I have left for the rest of the day?
Is there a luncheon reminder on the calendar this Wednesday?
Give me the details of all the reminders for Saturday night
What reminders do i have for Tuesday night?
Are there any reminders for tomorrow?
show me the reminder of the location and date for the concert
Get me my reminders for Nick
list my reminders for next sunday
Do I have any remainders for Wednesday next week?
Show me all active reminders
Can you read me the next 5 gym reminders that are set for 5 p.m. or later?
do I have a reminder set for 6pm?
can you tell me all the reminders for work meetings this week
Show reminders with John today at 5
tell me my carpool reminders this week
Are there any reminders for tomorrow
Show me the reminder for the house tour.
show all the reminders with my sister for the month of december
Are there any pet reminders I have set?
please display all of my the reminders for my wife and I
can you show me my reminders for the taxes
What are my reminders for  2 PM next week Tuesday?
What do my reminders look like for next week?
Show me homework deadline reminders.
find me my reminders about homework.
Did I set up a reminder for the dog groomers next month?
Show me all my reminders for this week.
Show me all the reminders I have set for fantasy football drafts
do i have any reminders?
what are today's reminders
show me my dinner reminders for this week
Show me all of the reminders for work this week?
Can I see my reminders, please?
Show my work alerts for today.
What reminders are set?
What are my reminders for tests and papers this month?
show me all my reminders set for after 5pm this week
I thought I already set up a reminder for the phone call at 3, but will you check?
List all of my grocery store reminders for this coming week.
Do I have any reminds for tomorrow at 3 PM?
Show me all of the reminders about birthdays this month?
do i have a scheduled reminder for today
Do I have any reminders set for tomorrow
Please read me all the upcoming reminder relating to my wife.
show me my next reminder
Are there any reminders for Gary tomorrow
Do I have any reminders
Display my reminder
Show me my next reminder for today
What is type of appointment in the reminder for July 12
Show reminder to buy pool filter
Tell me my reminders for August 26.
Are there any reminders for next Tuesday?
What reminders do I have set up for Aug 11th?
did i create a reminder for tuesday
List all my reminders for today
do i have any reminders for today?
Can you pull up all Jamie's school reminders for this week?
Read me all my reminders from Wednesday.
What is today's reminder for?
When is my next reminder scheduled for?
What reminders do I have set?
What is my reminder for lunch with Kimmie?
Show my reminders for tomorrow
show me dinner meeting(s) reminder
I want musical events
rewind 10 seconds please
how many cnn news stories will focus on trump today
How many people were killed in today's terrorist attack
Had Obama Care been eliminated yet
Is there a state of the union address tonight
What caused the death of a FOX News employee?
what did president Trump do today
Have gas prices risen in the last week
Did Michigan pass the new marijuana law introduced today
Can Donald Trump be impeached?
How many people were injured in Oklahoma storms today
Did Trump fire the FBI Director?
Who will run against Trump in 2020
When is Don Lomon's show on CNN
What is the hurricane damage report
did congress pass Obamacare repeal
have the fires been put out yet
Where did the earthquake take place
are protests still happening in charlottesville
When is Donald Trump's next press conference
Who won the Mega Millions
Is Steve Bannon still alive
When did OJ Simpson get out
When is the next White House news conference
Are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie calling off the divorce?
how did the stock market close
what is the murder rate in Chicago
Shut off timer, please.
Pause the timer I just set.
Pause timer for now.
Stop jogging timer
Pause this timer. Please
Back exercises timer paused.
Pause the timer set
turn off tv timer
Timer pause please.
Pause my timer.
Stop the timer and add 8 minutes to it.
Pause my timer for me
can you mute the timer
Pause timer until I get back on the track
Would you freeze my sleeping beauty timer?
mute countdown
can you give me more details about dead stuck whale to bow of princess cruise ship
Read me additional details
Update my reminder to cook Chicken BIriyani and raita for Mona's birthday party, instead of Chappatis and Chicken Kurma.
Add butter to my grocery reminder.
Add mowing the backyard to my household chores reminder next week.
please change the reminder to meet jeff tomorrow instead of darryl
Do I have any alarms for tonight?
show my all of my set alarms please
show all alarms set
What active alarms do I have currently
how long before my alarm goes off?
my next alarm is what time
remind me of all alarms
Tell me my alarms today
Show me all the alarms I have created
Hiq many occurrances are my alarms
I want to see all alarms
How much longer can I sleep before my alarm goes off.
When are my alarms?
The next alarm is at what time
show me my weekly alarms
when is my alarm going off next
when is the alarm set to go off
won't you remind me of my alarms please
View all alarms
Do I have an alarm for Wednesday?
Add eleven minutes to the timer.
add to Face mask timer 5 hours and 15 minutes
Add 15 seconds to the timer.
Add 1 more minute to the timer
Add 3 minutes to the time.
Add 10 seconds to timer
add 5 minutes to run timer
Add 2 more minutes to this timer
add time to my Stop brewing timer
increment timer by 10 minutes
add 28 minutes to the stop showering timer
Add 7 minutes to my timer.
Add another 5 minutes to the timer
please add five minutes to the You aren't done running till this goes off timer
Add 5 minutes to my existing timer.
Please add 3 more minutes to this timer
modify timer by adding 15 mins
Put another 25 minutes on the pomodoro timer
add 15 minutes to my 6pm timer
please add 24 minutes to the Laundry soaking timer
Add another 10 minutes to my timer
Increase timer after 10 min
is there a timer for dinner
How many minutes do I have left on my timer?
How long does the times have left?
How much time left do I have on my stretching timer?
Is the timer almost done?
How many seconds are left on the timer
What time is left on the current timer
Timer almost over
When will the timer be done?
Timer Time
how long has the timer been running?
How much do I have left on the timer?
how long is the timer set for
Time left on timer?
How much time do I have left on my timer before 7 o'clock?
How long until my timer is up?
how long did I set my timer for yesterday
How much longer do I have to go
Tell me please how much time is left of my timer
How long is left on the lunch timer?
What's the status of my workout timer
what is the time left in the timer?
How much time do I have left on the turkey timer?
how long has the timer run for
What timers do i have running
How long until my timer ends?
Please tell me how much time is left on the timer.
get time left on the Workout timer
is my timer still going?
show me my macaroni timer
How much time is left on the cookie timer
how much is left on my last timer
How much longer do I have
Do I have much time left on the timer
how much time is left on my second timer
How much time until I have to arise?
How much time is left before the next interval
Is the timer paused?
how much time do i have left for this task
how much time is left on the oven timer
Skip to two minutes into this song.
stream music through google play music only
default music app sirius xm
I want my music app to be spotify
Please set amazon music as my music app
use only google play for music
use mainly deezer
use amazon as my default
Let's setup my default music app
Find friends of mine that know Katie.
Mutual friends of Michelles
Is my brother online now?
Is somebody online now ?
Give me a list of people that are available at the moment
Tell me which of my friends that is online now
Is Bob online?
please inform anyone who is online
Show me friends on right now
Is John set as available to phone?
Do I know anyone online at the moment?
who is free
Who can hang out right now?
Is anyone on hand
What friends of mine are online?
Is Levi online?
who is active or online in chat room?
who's online right now?
anybody on my friend list on line
Who is free to talk
Tell me who I know that is online this very minute.
tell me which contacts are available
Is Bob available online?
read a list of who's on
who is still online?
let's see who is available
Tell me who I know that could be online
People online.
any friends online now
tell me who's on facebook
Is Terry online?
show who is on
is anyone in my contact list online
Who's online for chat tonight?
who is connected on line now
Anyone of my friends is online now?
Who is currently active online?
check if katie is online right now
my friends in GA online
Is my best friend online?
Show me who is free now
SHOW WHO IS AVAILABLE NOW
Are any of my friends online
who's free
Can you stop the track now as I have to go out
turn off my google music
Get my video messages from the movie group
Send a reminder to Haley to do the dishes.
respond with a video
I would like to send a Messenger text
Message Austin Mayers
send it to Jacqulyn Yeates
Ask the group if I'm included
reply with the Messenger text
Send Mom a message that I'll be there in one hour
Send a message to Billy that I am running late
i want to leave Emma a video recording
message Vicky saying thank you for the help that you did today
tell her I can meet her at city walk at 3 pm today
Send Sarah a video message
message a video to Thomas D Small
Text Sia “ hey girl”
send email to my friends
Ask mom if we are still on for the movies?
Send a message to my college friends asking if they can meet me at the banquet hall on Tuesday
I want you to video message C Scott
i want you to record a video message for Haven since she is not available now
Send my sister Brenda a message that I'll be at home at 10 pm tonight
message Mike, Stevie and Jim something that says happy new years
please send the message to my family
The last video message I made needs to be sent to Joe.
Ask Jess if she can send me the gif of the shimmying cat again, Mason wants to see it
The message for my family is my graduation starts at 3PM but get there  half hour early. Thank you.
i would like to message Rebecca via WhatsApp a message saying are you free
ask casey how many performers are going to be at the show tonight
can you send Sigourney on Facebook a message saying talk to you later
i would like to message Filby and Jake
can you send it to Sarah on WhatsApp
Ask Chuck on how to fix a tire while stuck in a snowbank in the middle of nowhere
Yeah, send this video to Jimbob
ask cassidy is she needs directions to the party this weekend
Message Lynne and ask her when the Chili Cook off is this year
tell linda that the show starts at 6pm on monday
Record a video message for Ellie
tell ruben that i am on my way
Message Anika asking her what time she will be home today.
message the babysitter and let her know we are running 15 minutes late
i want to leave Alexander a video recording
could I video message Addilyn
can you please send message to Jeanne and Leo
i want to leave Patty a video recording
i want you to record a video message for amy since she is not available now
Message Mary and ask if she is going to Linda's baby shower
record video message for Bree Iseley
Let's send my husband a video message response
Will you send a message to Sean and ask him where the party is at tomorrow night?
Please record this video message for Levi
Tell my brother-in-law a happy birthday for me please.
would you video message Raymond Pitt and Steve
Get my messages from the running class chat
Message Andrea and tell her to send me her location so I can pick her up.
Message my brother and tell him I'm going to the basketball game today
can you send Adnan via Facebook a message saying talk to you later
message james and tell him we will be happy to get together the next time we visit san jose
Message Robbie that's good.
Message Amy and ask her for the address to the closest burger place to her.
Message mom saying that remember to brink sun screen
Send a message to Helena to remind her that the Beach Concert Series are on Wednesdays at the Beach Park
ask jessica if she will be late
Message Debra and let her know we will not be able to attend her hairstyle debut for her cosmetology school next Thursday.
I need you to text Celeste
Message my spouse to meet me at the church
DM my husband that I'm on my way.
video message Leilani
Message Jerry if he's going to the concert on July 4th.
Message Pandora to say I am going to be late
Message Carlos that the high wind on the bridge to Jersey is dangerous. Stay on the lower level.
send Ben on Messenger that sounds good
Message Ashley to let her know I wear a size 8 for the dress.
ask Lynn if she can look into getting tickets for the Burgerbash event at the Golden Nugget next month
Send the Facebook message
Send an e-mail to the farmer's market organizers suggesting they let Terry set up a stand.
Message everyone that the Halloween party has been cancelled this year.
Message Marisol saying my aunt April will join us for dinner at Denny's.
Send that Facebook message
can you please send message to the my neighbors thread
please send Audrey and Vlad message
Send a message to my Aunt and ask if she has seen Grandpa lately.
Send a message to Bob and find out if he's coming tomorrow and what time
text happy new years to Steve and Steve
I would like to send a video
Send message to Kelly
please send the biology class group
Message Mom that I'll call her later
send that video to Jose, Gina, and Jose
i want you to record a video message for Heather Trumbo since she is not available now
Tell Jack I did not get the folders please resend
I need to record a video message for Blakely
I want to video message Hayden
Tell Jimmy the puppet show will be tonight at the local elementary school.
Send a message to Dakota and wish him a happy birthday.
i'd like to leave a video recording for Clara U Meringolo
text happy new years to Kelly and Tony
Please message Cricket and tell her Happy Birthday.
send the text to my siblings
can you please send video message to Jeff and Jim
text Derek cool
text uncle tony and let him know I will be there by noon according to the navigator
Record video message for Stolarz Irmgard
reply with a video
Record video message for Thomas
I need you to message Steve
Message Trevor and tell him we will be in Ohio on Tuesday the 19th.
ask dad to send me the videos he showed me earlier
Ask Becca is she wants to go to Harbor fest in Oswego
please send my family video message
Wish Ken a Happy Birthday
Send message via Messenger
I would like to message a video message
Message Ben and ask if he is seen my wallet.
Text Jason, yes, thanks.
record video message on work for Refugia Kroesing
leave a message with daryl and say 20 dollars should cover it
How about making a video message to send to Mandy?
Tell Joshua happy birthday.
Message Jack “damn Daniel”
text Robert and Gina that talk to you later
Message Wesley to ask him if he wants to run in the half marathon that I am running in.
Can you message Beth and ask her if she would like a coffee.
Message Kevin asking if he liked his lunch.
please send Jim that WhatsApp text
I want to message Carmen
Send a message to Alaina that she will have music lessons on July 10th and 24th at 10 am
Tell Bud he will need to leave for the concert by 4 to beat rush hour
Ask my vet what time the cat's check up is on Friday
record video message for Raymonde Stockholm
Message Donna and ask when dinner is
Message Kevin if he will join me for the cocktail party.
MESSAGE BETTY AND ASK HOW SHE'S FEELING TODAY
can you send it to Josh via Messenger
record a video message for my grandmother
Message Missy that I am on my way and hope to be at Dockside by 7:00.
Send a message to Natalie we'll meet her at gate C for the Indians game.
Turn this into a video message.
Message Steve asking if he has my ID
Ask Joe if we can stay at the Inn for his baby shower this weekend
reply to the daughters play date chat with message
Let Todd know Kaleb's dentist appointment is going to be Thursday at 2pm
Ask mom what time does my sister's  party start
message Walter, Paul and Susan something that says talk to you later
Can you please record and send a video message to  Dee Walker?
Message Jen and ask if she has plans for this weekend.
Can I record a video message
please send that video to Rebecca, Garrett, and Steve
would you message Beth and Audrey
text Kylie Davis and Sam that talk to you later
can you please send text to Paul and Steven
can you send the preferred friends group
Message the Coach to tell her we'll be late.
Message Christie that the weekend movie will be her choice.
Tell Kennedy to send me her location
i would like to message that video to Bill, Dana Thompson, and Raul
please send Liang that text via WhatsApp
Send a message asking Tony for directions to his house.
can you message Peter and say dinner still on tonight?
Message my doctor asking if I can get a refill on my prescription without coming in to the office
Record a video message for my father for a Christmas greeting
We want to contact Begonia by video message.
Ask Tammy if she got the position.
lets video message Samantha
send it to Melissa Peters Higgins
Record video message.
message a video to Samuel Fowler Mcguire
Send a message to Marsha and Gavin telling them I am planning a surprise party for Parker next week.
Message Eric and let him know that I will not be able to attend E's Birthday Extravaganza on the 7th of July at Cruze in Pittsburgh.
Message Tobey asking him if he has my wallet.
Ask Roxy if she needs to order more cookies for dessert
Send a message to my husband reminding him to pick up bread
i want to leave Jerry a video recording
send a message to alumni group that says sounds good
send a message to dad that my birthday party will be on Friday at 6:00 at Pizza Hut
message Ronnie and see if i have left my keys at here place.
Ask Robin if her and Darren are still going to the concert.
Create a video message to send to Aunt Jamie for her birthday.
reply with the WhatsApp video message
Text my girlfriend and tell her how beautiful she looked at TJC today
i would like to message John that message on Messenger
Message my nephew to tell my mom about Toronto's weather tomorrow.
i would like to message that message to my parents
Massage dad telling him I will be 5 minutes late.
