rsvp interested for the third event
rsvp interested for  Fast Company Innovation Festival
mark me as maybe for the third event
RSVP maybe to Primate Discovery Day
respond interested to A Bewitching Fete
interested in going to The Occupation of Alcatraz
set my status as interested for that event
rsvp maybe for the second event
How many reminders do I have?
How many reminders do I have for waxing appointments?
find Snoop Dogg
Find the Happiness Begins
When is Phil's Birthday party reminder going to be sent ?
What day is reminder for my grandparents dinner?
What day do I have a reminder to go to yoga class?
When is my reminder to meet with Sally in Topeka?
When is the reminder for the charity event?
Remind me when what time my hair appointment was made for
what time is the reminder set for jim's retirement party
What time is my next reminder?
How long did Li work at Apple?
When did Marc start working for American Express?
How long has Jill worked for her current employer?
when did bill begin working for the police
When did Li start working for Apple?
How long has Sarah been working for Allstate?
When did Maryanne start working for the school
How long has Anthony worked at Apple
When did Martha stop working for Walgreens
What years was Winston Churchill prime minister of England?
How many years did Jim work for Google?
Play Despacito on repeat
Repeat last track six times
what's the best phone number for reaching Percival?
Email listed for Jane Torrison
Stop this song and play the next
Move to the next song on the album
Skip that song, I do not like it
Skip any track from Journey.
I want to skip this song
skip it
Skip all country songs.
please forward this track
Can you skip this song?
Bookmark current track
who sang current song
who is playing drums in this track?
Who is performing this song?
How much does this song cost to buy?
What artist is playing now?
Who is the artist of this track?
Who is the artist of this song?
This is a good song on Spotify, what is it?
what was the name of the last song
when did the song come out
Who play's this song?
WHO is singing this song?
is that Beyonce singing?
Who is playing this song?
who is this by
Remind me to go buy milk tonight at 9:00 pm
Set a reminder to order all of the Luau party supplies on September 1st.
I need to call my Auntie tomorrow can you send me an alert at 2pm about it
Set a reminder 2 hours before bake sale on Friday.
remind me to pay for my wife's coffin on friday and confirm the memorial service hours
Remind me an hour before my appointment
I need to study for my presentation; can you set a reminder on Wednesday?
Remind me to mail out Karoline's gift today please
Remind me to get my oil changed in my car
Remind me tomorrow morning
Set a reminder for the party at 10 pm tomorrow
Set a reminder about Augie's birthday party for next Friday night at 6pm.
Reminder meet Juan, Monday at 6 pm
Can you remind me to clean the pool filter out next thursday
Remind Jake to have the lawn mowed by 5 pm tomorrow.
Remind my sister to make a cake two nights from now
Remind me to plan a dinner party for the board members next week.
remind me to look into a colonoscopy to see when i would need one
remind me to change the filter in the ac in april
Set up a reminder to start my new job at 8:00 a.m. on Friday
Remind me to file my taxes on April 1.
Set reminder for 5pm Sunday
Add a reminder to turn the vegetables in 10minutes.
I need a reminder at 4 for my appointment tomorrow
Please remind Mom to pick up Tara at 6 pm today
Remind me to check the weather the morning of Lisa's birthday party.
Remind me to switch from Netflix to Hulu today at 6:00 p.m.
Remind me to pay the cable bill on August 16, 2018 by 5:00pm.
Remind me about my lunch at noon today.
Remind me two hours early of the back to school celebration Saturday, August 4th at 10a
Create an event reminder for the retirement party on Friday.
Make an anniversary reminder about Joan and Pete for September 20.
I need to remember to take the tractor off the battery charger tonight.
Remind me to turn off the house alarm before Tony gets home from work
Remind the servers about the staff meeting at 5 pm.
Remind me to book the hotel for our vacation on August 26th.
Remind me on Wednesday about the open house at school
Remind me to mow the lawn Saturday
Remind the group about the next team soccer event
Remind me that the party on Sunday was changed to Saturday on Friday morning.
Remind me to brush my teeth at bedtime
I will be going to a play tonight; can you set a reminder to remind me 30 minutes before it starts?
remind me to take my medicine
I need to call Cindy tomorrow please set a reminder for noon
Remind me to get frozen veggies on my way home from work.
Remind me to order pants
Remind me that Bruce is arriving the day after tomorrow.
remind me to send the party invitations
Remind me on Friday to stop the mail for the week
Remind me to make something for our bookclub by next Saturday at 6 p.m.
Create a new reminder for tomorrow.
Make a reminder to call mom about pet sitting this weekend.
Remind my brother to call the office at 10AM tomorrow morning
remind me about my tv show that starts August 20th please
Remind me on Sunday about football game in August.
remind me to update my apps tonight
Remind me to email Jim this afternoon at 2 about my doctor appointment.
Can you remind me at 6 pm?  To check my EPPI card balance today.
Remind me to call Brit tonight at 7 pm.
Create a new reminder for tonight.
remind me to check the eBay bid in 10 minutes.
Can you remind me to go get her?
Set up a reminder for December 15th that Alex said he would take me out to pick up a puppy.
Remind me to return my library books on Friday
I need to switch cars with Matthew on Friday at 8PM. Can you remind me.
Remind Camryn to leave at 5; alert her 20 minutes before.
Remind me to tell Joe about my conversation
Set a reminder to call the plumber tomorrow morning at 8am
remind me about my date on Friday night
Set reminder for 5pm.
Remind me to take out the trash tonight at 10
remind me to get cereal tomorrow
Can you remind me order more printer paper from Amazon?
Remind me to get gas tomorrow morning
Set a reminder to pay the water bill
Remind me to buy bread today
Remind me I have a doctors appointment on the 5th
remind me on Thursday at 2 pm to remind my husband about the guild meeting at  7 pm
Remind me to save a hundred dollars for next weeks rent on Friday 6pm
Add a reminder to transfer money to checking on the first of the month.
Can you remind me to check the mail?
I do not want to miss my flight to New York City at 12:25 p.m.; can you alert me 4 hours before?
Add a reminder to call the girls to plan surprise birthday party for their dad.
remind me about the oil change
Remind me to change the light bulb in the kitchen today.
Connor band camp starts on august 8th at 9a.m.  set a reminder on the calendar
REMIND ME TO CALL RACHEL; SHE GETS OUT OF CLASS AT 7 P.M., SO 7:15 WOULD BE A GOOD TIME FOR ME TO CALL.
Remind me to text Megan tomorrow at 1 pm.
Remind me to cancel the doctor's appointment on Monday morning
Remind the family group chat on messenger that politics are not allowed to be discussed.
Remind me to stop the mail on July 31.
Can you remind me to get cereal today?
Remind to put the meatloaf in the oven by 5:00.
Remind me that I need to be loved
Remind me to pick up tickets to my concert tonight at 5pm
Remind Albert to call the plumber tonight.
remind me to take kids school shopping
Remind me to ask sister when Dom's Birthday is tonight.
Remind me to pick up groceries tonight after yoga.
Remind me to stop for bread on the way home.
remind me to get chlorine tablets for the pool tomorrow morning at 8:00 am
can you remind me to pick up James after work today
Can you alert me 10 minutes before I'm supposed to leave the house Monday morning?
Send a reminder about our meeting to Joel.
Can you remind me when I need to pay my bills?
Remind me to buy soy milk
remind me to get milk
remind me that i need to stop for gas
remind me to pack shoes, sunglasses and hat next week
I don't want to miss the mail; can you remind me to track my package at 1pm tomorrow?
Set a reminder for Tod party
Remind me to pick up my packages on Tuesday
Make a reminder to refresh my computer tomorrow night.
Remind to get milk tonight
Can you set a reminder to look at flights at 5:30 AM Tuesday?
Add a grocery reminder to tomorrow’s list
Remind me to file all paperwork this Sunday.
Remind me that I have a dentist appointment on Tuesday the 7th.
Remind me to water the flowers on today.
Remind me tomorrow to email Kate.
remind me to book flight tickets for sandy, tj and tima
Please set reminder to pick up Jayson after football practice on Friday.
Create a reminder to email work on Monday at 8am.
It would be great if you could remind me 30 minutes before my 2:00 appointment.
Make an event reminder for dad's retirement party next month.
remind me to call the work bus for transportation update
Remind me to call att.
Set a reminder to get the tires checked on August 1st
Remind me to leave the Keys for James
I want to set a reminder to go get Lisa a sketchbook and earbuds tomorrow.
set a reminder for tomorrow at 6 30 am
Remind me tomorrow to make a dental appointment.
set up a reminder for my book club meeting
set up a reminder 30 minutes before my 2pm meeting so I can prepare
I need to schedule a vet visit for my bird.  Remind me tomorrow.
Remind me to turn off the stove.
remind me i have a dentist appointment
remind me to attend parent night on wednesday
Remind me to schedule B her yearly checkup on Monday.
Can you remind me to buy flowers online for my mother-in-law's happy day?
Remind me about shopping for school on tax free weekend.
Remind me to check into my flight online at 5pm
Remind me to take the chicken out the freezer tonight at 9pm
remind jerry about his grandmother's birthday next week
Set a reminder to walk the dog at 6 pm
remind me to feed the dog today at 5pm
Remind me to grade the assignments tomorrow afternoon.
remind me to call plumber to get leak fixed
Remind me to send Matt's stamps tomorrow.
Set up a reminder to call Candy about her new store
Remind me to drop off Camden's prescription form
can you remind jackson to leave at 4 tomorrow and alert him a half hour before
Remind me to stop the newspaper on August 01.
I need a reminder for 45 minutes from now.
set reminder to mail dna test tonight
Remind me to check in to my flight at 9am.
Remind me to bake cookies tomorrow night for the bake sale
REMIND BRIDGETT TO PLACE HER ORDER BY TUESDAY AT 3PM.
Create a reminder to pick up the dry cleaning tomorrow.
Remind me to take the laundry out of the dryer in an hour.
reminder to order extra long sheets for college dorm bed
remind me to call mom at 7
The water bill is due on the 15th remind me the week before to send it off
make a reminder on 8/2 for a doctor's appt at 9:45
Remind me to visit the gynecologist wednesday at 4pm.
Can you remind me to book my flight to Mexico.
Set a reminder for when my homework is due.
create a reminder to do the dishes this weekend
Set a reminder to clean the man cave at 5 pm
Remind me that Sophia does not like Vanilla ice cream on Saturday night.
Remind me about the orthodontist appointment next month
Remind me to go to the meeting at 10 am.
Remind Joao to pick me up at 5 p.m. today.
remind me to buy school supplies before august
Add a reminder to call the doctor tomorrow morning and see when they have an available appointment.
Remind me to call The bank after noon.
Remind me to feed my fish tonight.
reminder to compare dates for the church picnic and the office dinner next week add new members to the church picnic emails
Remind me to give Ron a bath this weekend on Sunday afternoon.
Remind me to wash the sheets tonight
Remind me to call mom tonight at 7
can you remind me to call Kaz after dinner
Make a reminder for my doctor's appointment.
Remind me that the cable guy will be out to fix the cable today at 4 pm.
add an alert on phone 1/2 hour before for the train to Berlin.
Remind me to buy more laundry detergent on Tuesday
Remind me to call my dad tonight
Remind me to send the finished code to Josh by the end of the day on Friday.
Remind me to call my mother
Remind me to text Maddie at 3 PM on Wednesday about picking up the cake.
Please create a reminder on Monday evening for me to reach out to Jason and find out how the pitch meeting went.
Remind me bring Josh to soccer practice tomorrow evening
Remind me to start getting dressed for work at 4 pm.
remind me to get beer tomorrow
Set a reminder for me to make an appointment with my eye doctor for next week
Lucie borrowed my blue dress, remind me to get it back after her party.
Add another reminder for next week’s final exam.
Remind me to do my workout at noon tomorrow
set a cooking reminder in 2 hours
Remind me to listen to Come and Reason podcast at 10:00am on Saturday.
Remind me to pick up Jake at 3
Please remind me to delete my Prince music playlist at 1 PM today.
REMIND JULIE OF MEETING NEXT WEEK
Remind me to reply to John's email tonight at 7:00 pm.
remind me to go to school open house thursday
Remind me to call my lawyer on Friday at 4 pm
Remind me to create a template for work by Wednesday.
Remind me to text Jessica tonight
Set reminder September 15th for shop for kids costumes.
Can you remind me to clean the car?
Remind me to work out Thursday.
Set up reminder to go grocery shopping Saturday.
Set a reminder to return library books by 5:00 today.
Set up a reminder on Friday the 31st for water polo practice
Set a reminder in one week to organize my computer files
Remind me to buy toilet paper today.
Help me to remember that I need to get in touch with everyone who is planning to come to dinner to make sure they know what to briing.
REMIND ME TO PRE-HEAT THE OVEN AT 4:30 PM.
Remind me to  email Appen regarding hours.
Can you remind me to clean the cat litter box today?
Set a reminder to check the garage
I dont want to miss the bus at 5am tomorrow, can you remind me 15 minutes before
Remind me to find all iPod's before bedtime so that they can be charged for the next day.
Remind me four days in advance that I'm supposed to take an appetizer to the Fun Lunch next month.
Remind my study group to be there at 11 am on Saturday.
Remind me to withdraw the dog sitting fee.
Remind me to pay estimated taxes by Sept 15th
Remind the Street Crew to download the new fliers for this year's summer tour.
Set a reminder for my wedding party tomorrow at 8 pm.
I need you to set a reminder for 6pm.
put in a reminder to meet my mother on eastern parkway this Thursday.
please remind me to call sprint in the morning around 9
Remind the choir about the practice at 5 PM.
create a reminder to change doctors appointment to next month
Set a reminder for a pedicure on Saturday
Create an alert for 8am to check work e-mails.
Set a reminder for 2pm
Can you remind me to turn in my final paper Sunday at 11 pm for my psychology class?
remind me in 15 minutes that sarah is coming at 5
Remind me to call Jody about the baby shower on Sunday.
remind me to bake a cake
let me sleep for another 10 minutes
Snooze for 25 more minutes
snooze alarm
Snooze for half an hour
snooze alarm for 30 more minutes
Snooze this alarm,
Snooze my alarm please
snooze alarm for 8 min
pause all alarms
Snooze my alarm for 2 minutes, please.
Can you put the alarm on a 10 minute snooze
can you snooze my alarms this weekend
Snooze Alarm please. 10 minutes
Please snooze alarm for 5 minutes.
Can you snooze my alarm for 5 minutes?
add a 15 minute snooze to each alarm
Please shuffle my song list
turn on shuffle
open iHeartRadio and play Original Album Classics on shuffle
open Pandora and play Greatest Hits on shuffle
Put current playlist on shuffle.
Shuffle songs in this album
Pause my music.
Please pause the current track
Pause song please
resume paused timer in 1 minute
Resume timer for 3 minutes
I need you to keep the timer going
go on with the You aren't done running till this goes off timer
Resume the timer in 18 minutes
would you resume my Pasta timer
Resume the countdown.
resume the baking timer
Play Rihanna music
play Kanye
Play something by Adele.
Can you play me some Nipsey Hussle
Find Jazz playlist on Google Play
turn on 98.3 station on iheartradio
play some Bruno Mars
play some Bach
play Metallica on iheartradio
play taylor swifts newest song
I want to listen to a 90's playlist
play The Essential Collection on iHeartRadio
Listen to Chris Brown new album
turn on bruno mars radio
Play 80s Playlist on Pandora
Tell Spotify to play Hold The Line
Open my Spotify playlist
turn on classical music
Can you play "Somewhere" by Barbra Streisand?
Play running playlist
play some old jazz
Play Christmas music
Please play ilomilo
Start my homeschool tracks
Can you play some Justin Timberlake?
play me the first backstreet boys album
Play Call Me Maybe
play top 40 hits
Play some rock
play RADIO 94 5 WORLD CLASS ROCK radio
play some rap music
Play me the Taylor Swift about the love story
I want to hear any song from Menudo
Play Reba's new song
play Z94 Today's Hit Music radio this instant!
play Queen 40 Limited Edition Collector's Box Set Vol. 3 by H.E.R.
play the new album from fleet foxes
Play a song from the 80's
can you play Meek Mill's latest single
open spotify and play Sandstorm
play songs by Eric Church
please play a mix of 90's music
play the album When It's Dark Out on iheartradio
play the 1979 Leaving Neverland
Play me a video game soundtrack.
Play Carrie Underwood
Ocean Waves, Thunderstorm And Relaxing, Healing Music on pandora please
Search for 80's music
lets listen to some jazz
please play me some country music
play my rock playlist on spotify
Play my 5 top most played songs.
play on pandora lady gaga
play Adele's latest album
I want to listen to my 90s playlist on Spotify.
I want to listen to break up with your girlfriend, i'm bored by Luke Combs on Spotify
can i listen to the latest song by Pink
Play the billboard 100 top hits.
Find ukulele solos.
Play idontwannabeyouanymore
Play my R&B playlist
I want to listen to Santigold's latest album
Play my rock station on Pandora
start playing 94 5 WFLA on iheartradio
I want to listen to Gunna's latest album
Play the last song of the album
play Let Me Love You on iHeartRadio
I would like to listen to Aaliyah please.
play It Wasn't Me on iHeartRadio
Play Kris Allen
Play the number one song on the Billboard charts
Play the most recent song by Ed Sheeran
play the soundtrack to Purple Rain
play TLC on iheartradio
play the hits from last summer
play led zepplin
play my Kendrick Lamar playlist with Pandora
Play Love Song by The Cure
Show me Coldplay's newest album
change channel
I want to listen to classical music
some old charlie daniels
play Eric Clapton on iheartradio
Play all Kenny Chesney
play Girls' Generation on iheartradio
Play Ed Sheeran songs.
Turn it to the rap channel on Pandora
play some Chinese
play kendrick lamar
play Graduation by Cardi B
Play popular kids music
play google play music 80s station
play jay z
Adele radio on Spotify
Play some Glen Campbell.
play Luke Bryan on iheartradio
open Pandora and play my station
Play some Florida Georgia Line
Start playing Nicki Minaj's latest album
play LoVE me NOw the album
Play me pop music now
play soft rock
let's hear some frank sinatra
Play FM near me
Play some old jazz
play Jumpman on iHeartRadio
Play some jazz.
I want to listen to idontwannabeyouanymore by Halsey on Spotify
Can you play more songs like the last one
open Spotify and play True
Played the song southern nights
Please play some music from the 80s
play I will go to you like the first snow station on iheartradio
play Boston greatest hits on Pandora
Restart and play some happy music
open google play music and play green day
Play some Celine Dion songs
turn on 101.9
Please play me some r&b music
play 106.1
Play top country songs of all time.
Can I listen to the Disappearing One track by Chris Cornell on Spotify?
I want to listen to Joshua Radin's latest album
Play me Maroon 5's oldest album.
play the album Good Girl Gone Bad on iheartradio
Please play my spotify playlist
play Old Thing Back (feat. Ja Rule and Ralph Tresvant) on iHeartRadio
play EXO on iheartradio
I want to listen to Jeremih on google play
Start playing my favorites playlist.
please play Zedd's last album
play the chainsmokers
play Xzibit on iheartradio
Play 80's country music
Play some classic rock on google play
Play Tool radio on Pandora
Play me Jimmy Buffett's greatest hits
play the album 4 on iheartradio
play Summertime Sadness (Lana Del Rey Vs. Cedric Gervais) - Cedric Gervais Remix on google play
i want to hear classical music
i want to listen to maroon 5
play the album Unorthodox Jukebox on iheartradio
Play some reggae.
Play my Discover playlist.
play the track Happier
play the song 23
play music from the atomic blonde movie
Find me the song that goes, "never make a pretty woman your wife"
Play the remedy for a broken heart by Ty Dolla $ign.
play Tonight by Ludacris
please play me hard rock music
play justin bieber
Play me kesha on spotify
Play fake smile by BROCKHAMPTON
Please play 80s music.
play songs by elmo
play Kanye West
open my ski play list
Turn on Yo Gotti music
Play the first song that Garth Brooks ever released.
Songs with piano
Play country songs
Play the 90's hits playlist
Most popular songs by Men Without Hats
play Greatest Hits - Chapter One by Mike Posner
Play music from the 60s
PLAY SOME ROCK & ROLL MUSIC
play jack johnson's new songs
can i listen to Never Recover by Kendrick Lamar
Play my relaxing songs
Search new age genre
play Soul Manifesto: 1964-1970 by OMI
play Wind Of Change on iHeartRadio
change a reminder time/date that has already been recorded
Change the time of my last reminder
Where is the reminder for the Christmas party that is next month?
Where the location for my reminder about the business meeting this Tuesday?
can you turn off repeat all music
Cut the call
End the call to wife
Hang up now
end the current call
Please hang up the call
end talk
terminate call
end conversation now
End current video-call
Abort this call
Close call
please finish call
End the current call
please terminate call
hang up on Hayes
freeze the call
END CALL
end this call in 1 minute so that I can eat
LEAVE THIS CALL
close this call
end the call now
End this video call
Ending call
Hang up the call
make my reminder an hour earlier
move laundry day reminder from Saturd ay to Sunday
Remind me to attend the new   Zumba classes at 6:00 instead of 6:30.
Change the reminder for Beth's baby shower to 4 pm.
Change my pedicure reminder on Tuesday to Wednesday at the same time.
update hair appointment reminder to wednesday 2 pm instead of 4 pm
Update my pt reminder to 2 hrs before I have to leave
edit alert to reminder to pay credit card from none to 1 day before due date
Modify my Monday reminder time to 8:30
Change the reminder for the dog's meds to morning and night
Change the reminder to meet Emily for our date from this Saturday to next Saturday at noon.
update all my reminders with pete to saturday morning
change my thursday reminder to wednesday this week
Move the reminder for Saturday to Sunday.
instead of remindeing on monday about applying a job can you do it on sunday
Waiting until the last moment really hurt me last month; this month move the video uploads reminder up one week.
Update event reminder for Sally's anniversary party to next week.
Change my reminder to pick James up after baseball practice to Saturday at 11am
Change reminder for Fido's haircut from Friday to Saturday
Please change my reminders next week to the week after.
Update my luncheon alerts from 3 PM to 4 PM
Update my reminder that my nail appointment is at 2:00 instead of 1:00.
update reminder set for Aug 30th from 7 am to 8 am.
Change the Family Dinner alert on May 5th to May 4th.
please edit the reminder time for dinner tonight from 7pm to 6pm
Change my recent reminder to Friday.
Set availability for the day as available
available on
I have returned
Can you set Lisa to active now
i am not busy
Change availability settings to online.
im available
Set my status to online?
i am free to chat
Put my device on available
who messaged me on Messenger
who texted me on WhatsApp
who messaged me see you soon
Share this book event with Jared
Share this theater event with Samantha
Send Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues to Walter
Share the sports event with Francisco
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Insurgent Empire Book Launch?
Do I know anyone going to Tiny Living Festival?
Is anyone I know going to NW Indigenous Peoples: Sharing Powwow Ways?
i want to make french bread what do i need
How many cups of flour are there in bread dough
How many calories are in a cake
what are the ingredients to make lemon pie
Temperature of meats
Show me the ingredients to make salsa
what temperature should a beef roast be cooked at
How do you cook a medium well steak
How many calories in a scoop of ice cream
What is the calories for Black Tie Mousse Cake
What is pepperoni made out of
How many calories are in a banana split
How many calories are in a slice of white bread
How long to heat a fully cooked ham
what is the best temp to cook a baked chicken
How much butter should I use
What ingredients are in a latte
What do I use to make Macaroni and Cheese
How long should I cook chicken drumsticks at 350 degrees?
how long to you cook fish for
What is the safe temp for beef
What temperature do I need to set oven at
what ingredients are in peking ducks
How much sugar do I need for sugar cookies
read me the ingredients in an oreo cookie
How do you mix a martini
what temperature are ribs cooked at
What are the ingredients in peach mango salsa
How many calories are in a full pizza pie?
how much sugar is in an apple
what temperature should steak be cooked at
Medium rare steak temperature
how long should I grill cat fish
Ingredients and directions for preparing and cooking chicken and dumplings please
How long does it take to cook a duck
how many eggs in a cake
What temperature is a medium rare steak
what temperature is lamb cooked
how much milk do I need to make yogurt
how many people should 3 layers of cake feed
What vegetables are good sources of protein?
How do I keep my chicken from drying out
what is temperature in the oven for potatoes
what are the items in a taco
I need a list of ingredients for homemade Pecan pie
What temperature can I bake potatoes in
What is the best cheese for melting
How many calories are in a chocolate mousse
how much sodium is in pizza
How to make a tender roast in the oven
How long do you cook Salmon
How many calories in frozen pizza
how can i cook rice using microwave
what ingredients do I need to make an apple pie
How to know when chicken is cooked
How to cook rice
what is the average temperature for boiled water
What temperature is fish cooked?
What are the ingredients in Beef Stew
How much tuna is used in sushi?
How can i bake potatoes
How much sauce should I use
How many tablespoons of sugar are added to a pancake mix
what ingredients are in smores
How many calories are in a slice of mozzarella cheese
calories in veg. burger
How many calories in a slice of cake
what are the ingredients to pizza dough
Serving size of espresso cheesecake brownie
How long do you cook a meatloaf
How many tablespoons of sugar should i put
What's in deviled eggs?
How hot should I bake cornbread in the oven
how long does bacon sit on the stove to cook
How long do I cook a turkey
How much sodium is in a can of green beans
How big is a serving?
What's the best temperature to cook turkey
How many calories are in the pound cake slices
How many teaspoons of salt are in the Meat loaf recipe
At what temperature should I bake pork chops
Please tell me the amount of sodium in one serving of fettucine chicken alfredo
How many calories does vanilla ice cream have
What's in a maki roll
How many calories in spaghetti?
how many calorie of an ounce of banana
How do you know when shrimp is fully cooked?
how many carbs are in yogurt
whats the calorie range for cheese pizza
How much sugar is used with a pack of kool-aid
Does fettuccine alfredo have heavy cream in it?
What temperature is beef cooked at in general
What do I set the oven too bake this pizza
how many calories does lobster have
What type of chocolate do I use to make chocolate chip cookies
How many minutes should I cook the pasta to make it still al dente
Which vegetable has the highest amount of vitamin D
What spices do I need for chili
how many calories are in a homeade nacho supreme
How do I mince onions
How many calories are in vanilla ice cream
How do I re-heat asparagus
what is a serving size of rice
How long should I mix the cake batter for?
What ingredients do i need for Crab Cakes
How many eggs do you need to make a cake
how long do you grill salmon
How many calories are in chicken Kiev
What is the calorie count for eclairs
How many calories are in flourless chocolate cake
How much milk do I need to make banana pudding
convert 1/2 cup fresh parsley into dried parsley
how many calories in a cup of whole milk
what temperature is water boiled at
what ingredients go into a chocolate chip cookie
What are the ingredients for KFC fried chicken
how do you re-hydrate dried fruit
How long should you cook a 20 pound turkey
Nutritional information for an oatmeal muffin
how long do i boil eggs for
What do I need to buy for a butter cream frosting?
How many cups of flour should I put in this cake
how many calories in a cup of cottage cheese
What spices do I need for Tikka Masala
What temperature should chicken thighs be cooked at
What is the oven temperature in Alton Brown's Roast Turkey recipe
How to cook pasta perfectly
What is the best way to make an omelet?
what are the ingredients for green bean casserole
How long should I leave salmon in the oven?
What ingredients are in Chicken Marsala
How to make arab tahini sauce
How long do I cook spaghetti
What is a good fish for grilling
What rack should I bake my pizza on
What ingredients do I use to make homemade chocolate pudding
what temperature do i cook leg of lamb
How many calories are in a grilled chicken sandwich
What is poi and how is it prepared
How long does it take to cook banana bread
what are the macros for a veggie burger
How long does a roast have to stay in the oven
How temp do I have to cook chicken to
what are the ingredients for kombucha tea
What is all in bread
how many calories are in an egg
What should the internal temperature of fish be
how many apples for the pie
how much sodium in a teaspoon of salt
at what temperature do you fry fish
what temp is best for searing
how long do i bake biscuits
how to make cinnamon rolls
how long should i bake a pie
how many cups of sugar go in a cake
Has Martin Sheen won an Oscar?
unlike this music
Delete all future alarms
Delete all my alarms.
Cancel my alarm.
Remove all alarms on Friday 23rd
Cancel my alarms please.
cancel all my scheduled alarms
Delete alarms for the next two months
Cancel the last alarm I set
Delete my alarm for Mr. Black's office meeting.
Cancel every alarm I have set.
Delete alarms list
going to Olympic Peninsula Apple and Cider Festival
set my status as going to Dia de los Muertos
mark me as going to Sea-Meow Convention
set my status as going to that event
going to The Olive Festival
Set my status as going for this event
Can you add this song to me Rock playlist on Spotify?
Add song to favorites
lets see my texts from son Angel
i want to see video messages from my papa
Has the running class chat sent me anything
grab video messages from my life partner
show me my texts from my grandfather Victoria
show me my video messages from my brother
Play all messages from today
Has the smoothie group messaged me since Monday
Has Chauncey L Filburn sent me any messages?
Has the cake group messaged me since Tuesday
lets see video messages from my wife
Get my texts from Jeannine and Josh
Has the drama nerds chat messaged me in the past few days
let me see messages from my mom Kayson
Has the facebook chat messaged me yesterday
get me video messages from my daughter
display texts from my niece Landon
Read me the message form 6am this morning.
Has Lauren sent me anything on Messenger
show me my video messages from my grandfather Gunner
Has the bay area jobs chat messaged me in the last week
Read messages from a different status.
Show me messages from Leonid via Messenger
Show me texts from Janice via Facebook
Has design code group sent me anything
lets see messages from Amber
read new message.
Has Fidela Maniar sent me anything?
show me video messages from cousin Devin
Get my texts from Stacey, Sarah and Mini Mouse
Get my text messages from Daniel, Steve and Kevin Gershwin
retrieve my message
Has the dog lovers group messaged me since Tuesday
Read my messages
Read all my unread messages.
Show me messages from my grandparents
grab my messages from my dad Quinn
what are my texts from grandson Wade
Show me text messages from my family
Show me any messages
let me see video messages from my partner Tucker
display texts from my niece
what are my video messages from my spouse
what are texts from Leon
Is there a fun festival coming up
things to do in Cedar Hill, TN on New Year's
What fun events will be happening in Montgomery County, PA this week
Search for concerts in Melbourne tomorrow
Music events  in Las vegas this weekend
concerts in greeneville tn this month
Anything going on tomorrow
Parties happening this weekend
Thing to do in San Antonio this weekend Dec 9, 2017
What's happening in new mexico this weekend
food festivals in texas this weekend
what is going on in Dallas next saturday
What is going on in Burlington tonight
what's happening in Orange County this Friday
Can you get my past events please?
What events are there in Hollywood tomorrow
Theater plays in Atlanta next month
things to do in chicago on december 7th
Are there any lacrosse matches going on in July
What events are happening tomorrow evening
I want you to recommend me rugby matches for next month in Redding
what is there to do today please
what's going on in Colorado in March
any exciting events happening in sacramento tomorrow
What's going on tomorrow
Things to do in Atlanta next Friday Evening
things to do on hollywoord blvd on weekend's night
Things happening this weekend
next week in phoenix
Live music tomorrow in Kalamazoo
What's going on in Philadelphia this weekend
Recommend me some football matches happening on Halloween in Portland
What can I do Thursday night
What's going on in Hartford Friday
Are there music shows in philly tonight
Events to do in Raleigh
anything going on in ann arbor tonight
Astoria events. Saturday only
what events are happening at Huntington beach this weekend
What basketball games are happening
what to do at night in orange county
What can I do this Saturday
Broadway shows in New York for next month
Sports even in hardy tomorrow
Fun time to visit Savanah
Things to do in Philadelphia next weekend
anything good happening in hattiesburg this weekend
What's going on in New Rochelle next week
anything cool happening in bayside next week
What ice hockey games are going on Sunday in Oakland
main events in Salt Lake City
December events
Any basketball games
get my events please
What comedy shows are happening this week
What can we do in Atlanta tomorrow
best thing to do tomorrow night
What is happening in Baton Rouge, LA next week on Tuesday
Things to do in Los Angeles this weekend
Any rugby game coming up
things to do in manchester tonight
Is there anything going on in San Jose tonight
Concerts happening in Austin Saturday night
Things to do in Santa Cruz on Saturday
What can I see in Tampa next weekend
is there any comedy shows this weekend
weekend events in upstate NY
Events in Napa on Sunday
Recommend me some festivals for Friday in Aberdeen
I need something fun to do tonight
music events in wilkes barre friday night
What't going on tomorrow
What is there to do in Boulder this weekend
Seattle concerts in June
what should i do this weekend
Anything new to do tomorrow
things to do in sanibel tonight
Things to do in San Diego tonight
What parties are happening in New Jersey Friday
What plays are going on this weekend
Whats going on in Pensacola Saturday Night
Live music events next weekend
What parties are going down Saturday
Things to do in Denver
theater events in jersey city this week
Stuff to do in Atlanta tomorrow
Any parades this evening
Any events going on in downtown hardy
Events in Rowlett
Events going on in New York this week
music events in Hemet
Things to do in miami this week
Movies coming out this weekend in South Dakota
Any good live music tonight
What is happening tonight in Miami
Show me other health events
Things to do in PA tonight
Are there any live performances this week with tickets available
Events in Milwaukee this weekend
Events in Sacramento
What concerts are in Dallas this week
April Fools Day events in Oakland town today
Events in Escondido tonight
What's happening in New Orleans tonight
Any special events coming up
Anything happening in New York next weekend
Are there any events scheduled for next week
What's happening in Lorain next wekend
Anything fun happening in Clermont December 25th
where to go in el paso today
Things to do in Biloxi next week
What concerts are happening this weekend in New Jersey
What can I go do
whats happening in Pensacola
What's happening this weekend in San Diego
Thinks  to do in Ft. Worth this coming weekend
Events in Silverlake tonight
Upcoming concerts in Houston for the next month
Any thing fun happening this weekend
Is there a rugby game over the weekend
Could you tell me the most popular events going on this weekend
What's going on downtown on Friday night
recommend some dog-friendly events
Fun things to do in Vermont next month
Broadway shows opening this month
Any ice hockey game happening in February
What cool events are happening tonight
Can you show me more events different from this one please?
Any fun events tonight
Music events in Sioux falls this weekend
Find me something to do
things to do this weekend
What Pop up shops are in SOHO this weekend
Job fairs in my area this month
What are the events in downtown Ocala this weekend
Show me some more events
Are there any lacrosse matches happening soon
Can you show me my past events please?
Events in Los Angeles next weekend
I want you to recommend me fitness events for next weekend in Hyannis
tomorrow in columbus
Things to do by myself
parades this month
What's happening in Manchester, NH tonight
Put the call with my brother in law on hold
Hold the current call from Polly.
What year did Mia graduated from Business school?
When did Larry graduate college?
Was Ennis in school in 2001?
Whats Tims highest grade level
Elizabeth attended Indiana University during which years?
When did Lila start at Harvard university
when is she graduating from CSU
When did Christine graduate from Madonna University?
when did lisa finish at um
What is the forecast for Manzanillo next week.
What will be the lowest temperature today?
I'd like to know the weather in Amherst, Nova Scotia.
will it rain overnight
should i bring an umbrella today?
This morning's weather?
When is the next monsoon expected
Paris, Ontario's weather please.
let me know the weather for a complete week
what is the humidity like
Tell me how it is outside right now?
What will the high and low temps be  on Thursday
Will it rain tomorrow morning?
Is it going to be hot this weekend?
whats the 5 day forecast for dallas
Shorts or pants?
When is the next meteor shower in my area
is there rain tonight
What is the temperature today in Dallas?
Is it going to be warm enough to go swimming today?
Tell me the weather in Glasgow next Saturday.
What is the weather tonight at the local drive-in?
Are there any tropical storms heading towards Florida
Pull up the weather in France please
Temperature tomorrow morning near Karachi F
What temperature will it be at noon tomorrow?
is it supposed to rain in Kingsland today?
Will I need sunglasses?
What is the temperature for this weekend?
Do I need a jumper to go outside.
will the clouds be moving out today
How hot will the temperature be today
How hot will it be in celcius in Stockport on Saturday?
How cold is it expecting to get tonight?
Will it rain all day tomorrow in New York?
I need to know the weather for today
Is the weather in dallas going to be bad?
Broadcast the weather details in Canada
What will the weather be doing this afternoon in Brighton?
Please describe the weather
Is there a chance of thunders tonight?
Do I need to wear my thermal clothes today?
How humid is it going to be today?
hook me up with the forecast
Inform me about the current weather.
What will the wind speed be in MPH today?
How hot is it tomorrow outside in celcius
Is there a tornado watch
Are there any hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico
What is the weather like in Adelaide?
Is it going to be around 25 in degrees Fahrenheit at Tokyo today
Is it snowing in New York today?
When does the snow season begin in Truckee
How is the weather at 4:00 pm
Is it going to be chilly tonight?
do i need a jacket tonight
What is the forecast for the evening of 5 June?
Is it going to rain in West Palm Beach today
Tell me the weather for Monday 5th June at midday
What will the weather be like in Eastlake Park today?
will I need a raincoat today?
Is there a chance of rain next month
Tell me what the weather will be at 7.30pm.
Is there any rain in the forecast
How should I expect the weather to be in Berlin tomorrow
whats the weather forecast for the next 5 days?
Could you give me a weather forecast for 1pm today thanks
I want the weather forecast for Tasmania
Ok bot, should I drive the car or the truck today- how much water will be on the roads
What will the maximum temperature get to
Will it be above 49 F houston next week
how windy is it supposed to be
Should I bring a jacket to dinner?
Is it sunny tomorrow?
Tell me how the weather is tomorrow
Show me the weather for Texas.
What's the wind chill factor in Chicago?
What is the forecast for the Easter weekend in Prague?
What's the forecast for this Saturday
When is the next major snow storm predicted for next week?
Weekend weather in Seattle?
will it rain
Where is there a flash flood warning around my area
is it going to be sunny in Texas tomorrow
Weather for the next 3 days
What's the weather doing mid morning
Is it going to be around 53 in degrees Celsius for Dublin this weekend
what is the wind speed at
Will it be below 68 in degree c outside tomorrow
How cold is it seattle this weekend fahrenheit
What's the weather forecast for Minneola over Labor Day?
Temperature manila tonight Celcius
Will it be above 61 degrees Fahrenheit madrid tomorrow morning
Is there rain in the 10 day forecast?
Is there lightning outside?
Temperature out there today F
What's the weather forecast in New South Wales?
How's this arvo's weather?
How's the weather late this week ?
Is it above 16 in Celcius tonight
Is it above 42 C at Shanghai tomorrow morning
What's it going to be like outside at two?
How much rain are we suppose to get next week?
should I wear braces
Tell me the forecast in Russia
Will I need a jacket?
How cold will it be in Tasmania next week?
Would today be a good day for a picnic?
What's the average temperature this week?
What is the overnight low
How hot will it get
how many inches of rain will we be getting over the next week
Is it going to be dry today
What's the weather in central Park, NY today?
What is the weather like in Toronto tonight?
How long will this heat wave last?
How warm will it be today
please tell  me the weather in Poland
What does the weather look like in Houston?
Will it be below 70 in degree f dehli tonight
Should I bring a jacket to San Juan, PR next Monday
Is there a high chance of rain in Malibu tomorrow?
What's the weather forecast for Alaska?
Is it going to snow this year
Weather forecast for 9th of May
Display 5 o'clock weather
Will it be hot this afternoon?
Is it going to be around 72 in F near Sao Paulo tonight
Temperature tomorrow morning paris F
how much snow is expected tomorrow?
Will it be around 80 in degree F outside today
Whats the weather going to be for this weekend?
How's the weather going to be on Thursday and Friday?
Give me the weather forecast for China, please.
4pm Sunday, what is weather?
would you be able to tell me New south wales weather
Tell me the weather forecast for Bishopbriggs.
How many degrees is it right now?
What is the low temp on Thursday
Is today going to be overcast?
What is the current weather in Cleveland?
how much precipitation in the air today
tell me the weather condition for this afternoon
Is it snowing on Mt. Fuji, tomorrow at high noon?
What is the current wind chill?
Do I need a coat?
Is it supposed to rain in New York tonight
What is the 7 day weather forecast?
whats the weather like in italy right now
When is the heat index highest today?
give me friday's forecast for half moon bay
Is it raining currently in Seattle?
Will it be raining this afternoon?
Is it going to snow on Friday?
Is there flash flooding now
in one hour what will the weather be like
What is today's chance of rain?
Galapagos Island weather for tomorrow morning.
tell me the weather for Helsby
Temperature now?
What is the current wind speed and direction in Olympia?
Tell me about weather for Monday afternoon
Will it be above 84 F in Houston next week
How hot will it get this summer
How hot will it be this afternoon?
Will it be around 0 degree celcius inside this weekend
is it really hot today?
hows the weather in Dallas next Monday
Dress high boots today.
What's the weather like in San Jose in February
I want to know weather at noon
Will it cool of tomorrow?
What kind of weather can I expect on Halloween, in Edinburgh?
whats the weather at the beach
How hot is it in celcius?
is there a cold front coming this week
Do i need a jacket today
Should I take my umbrella today?
Whats the temperature in Jamaica?
How will the weather be in Blackpool tomorrow?
What is the weather in Orlando?
is it going to rain in the morning?
Any severe weather in the forecast
will it rain in hilo today?
Should I take a cardigan tonight?
Please tell me the weather forecast for Saturday?
How much is it supposed to rain today?
What is the weather in Newcastle next week?
open the weather in Vancover
Will there be any snow today?
Is it going to be below 74 in fahrenheit for Paris tomorrow morning
tell me about today's weather
How is the weather effecting my area
What is the local weather today?
do we need jackets
Will I need to put sunscreen on today?
Is it going to be cold on christmas?
hottest time today
weather Elizabeth, NJ now
What is the forecast this week for Estero, FL?
Is it foggy outside this morning?
Should I bring a raincoat today?
how long is it going to rain today
Do I need thermal underwear today?
how's the weather outside?
Will it be warmer next week?
how much snow today?
what does tomorrow's weather look like
is it going to rain today
What's up with the weather?
Is it going to be cold this week?
did it storm in houston yesterday
How warm is it for Dehli tomorrow in degree Celcius
2pm weather please
what will the temperature be overnight
How's the weather looking in Florida?
Could you please find what the weather is for South Australia?
Is the weather good for hiking today?
What is the forecast next week in Arizona?
What is the weather in Chapel Hill at 5 am?
What is the weather like in Kingston
What is the current temperature in Fahrenheit?
Is there a chance for snow today?
Whats the weather forecast in Tokyo for this weekend?
let's hear the weather for russia
How long will the tornado warning last in Oklahoma
is idaho getting more than average rain
What sort of weather will be happening in Thailand during July?
Will I need to wear a waterproof jacket today?
Hey bot can you tell me the weather for new York America
will i need a coat tomorrow
what is the weather today ?
Will there be any flooding from the rain?
Temperature outside this weekend Celsius
Should I carry a jacket today?
Weather in houston for tomorrow?
I need the weather for Henley in Arden
are we going to have thunderstorms tomorrow?
Is it going to be below 64 in degree celsius madrid next week
What is the weather like in Harpswell, ME?
Will there be any fog this evening in Santa Monica
What will the weather be like at 12:00PM today?
How is the temperature in Afghanistan?
will it be windy tomorrow ?
What will the high temperature be tomorrow?
Tell me the low temperature for tonight
What's the weather at 10am please
How many degrees is it using Kelvin
Will it be warmer at 4pm
What are the highs and lows on Friday
How many inches of snow are we getting today?
what is the weather tomorrow
should I bring the plants in tonight
What is the temperature low for today
what's the temperature at 7 am tomorrow
will it be raining tonight
What is the low temp supposed to be tonight?
What is todays UV index?
What is the weather forecast for Philly tonight?
can I get a weather update for tonight
weather forecast for the next three days please.
what is the average temp here next week?
hows the weekend's weather looking?
Advise the outlook for the weekend.
do I need an umbrella today
Temperature for Toronto Canada?
What is the temperature in Sacramento
Will it rain any more today?
Is there a storm expected in Tahoe tomorrow?
Will it be hot in New York next Wednesday?
what's the weather in Barton upon Humber
Do I need long sleeves today?
How the whether will be
How hot is it supposed to get this weekend?
Tell me the the weather for this weekend!
Conditions of weather for 4th of July in the United States
At 1.30pm on the 5th of October, will it be sunny in Sydney Australia?
Will it be above 64 in degrees Fahrenheit in Tokyo
weather, 7 day outlook
what is tomorrows forecast
What is the weekly forecast for Seattle?
How's the weather?
Is it going to snow in the mountains today?
Is it going to snow?
How hot did it get yesterday
How cold is it today new york degrees fahrenheit
is it going to snow sunday
What will the weather be like Saturday?
What's the weather in Amsterdam?
What's the weather like in East Anglia?
Is it going to be sunny all week?
what is the average rainfall in the Sahara desert
Is it raining today in new York ?
What's the weather in beach?
Can we expect sunshine today?
Is it around 86 in celcius near Manila tomorrow morning
Will there be snow this November?
Tell me what it's going to feel like in the Maldives.
Can you tell me the weather for Christmas in Hawaii?
Will it be fine on Sunday at 3pm?
Weather status for this afternoon
Will it be below 83 in degree F at Menlo Park tonight
What is the weather going to be tomorrow?
How long will it rainfall for today
Will there be rain in New Albany?
Is it raining in Reno?
Are there any hurricanes right now?
Is it raining at all next week?
what's the weather for this week?
current temperature now
What's the forecast for Sheffield?
WHEN IS IT EXPECTED TO RAIN NEXT?
Show me the weather for the next week
What's the weather in Celsius degree?
What's the weather like in Amsterdam in August
how much snow will chicago get tomorrow?
Temperature inside tonight C
what is the temperature going to be tomorrow
Is it umbrella weather?
When is the next storm coming?
temperature today
inform me of the weather in London
How is the weather looking for Sunday?
Modify alarm name to bake cake
new time for alarm, please
I want to update my alarm.
Update my alarm to 6pm on Friday.
change alarm to 6 am please
Change my 'get ready' alarm to 11am
i'd like to modify alarm for the gym to 4pm
Change my wake up alarm to 7:30am
Change my alarm name to 'wake up'
That song is my favorite please replay
Replay last album played in Spotify.
Go back to song number one on the track
can i listen to the first song again
repeat this song again
Repeat the title song from Dear Evan Hansen
just play this song again
Replay that song again.
start track from the beginning
Could you please repeat the song twice
What time does the parade on Main Street start tonight
When does the second event start?
I would like you to tell me when the first event starts
start calling Emiliano's partner
call Russell Perches 's mother
call Elise 's father
make a whatsapp call to Tanner Atkinson
call Letitia Lombrana 's father
Phone my family group
I'd like to call Blake Johnathan Benson
give Nora's aunt a call
Would you dial Adam and Kailey
Can you call Tyree Payne, Jimmy George, and Annika Everett
we are gonna call Gary now
call Rivera right away
Could you connect me to the Coffee Lovers group
get me Eve
ping Colton Kim
call the mom of Weston Abbott
call Megan 's mother
Dial up Avery, Hugo and Brayan
call Carline Asper 's grandpa
get me my grandpa Yung Marois
ping Carlos
Please call Gideon Rhett Patel
call Molly 's husband
call Karissa Nienow 's granddaughter
dial family group
I'd like to call with my cousins Angel, Malik, Josiah, and Jesus on Messenger
create a group call
call papa on video in Whatsapp
call Carson and Hansen
call Keila Sun 's son
call my manager
can you call Clara Wilcox using Messenger
Start a group video call with my stepkid.
call Michael and Bridges
start a call with Braeden Key, Gabriela Gibson, Joy Buchanan and Damien on Messenger
call Rylan Mcgee call Reagan Sawyer in Whatsapp
call Destiny Mcconnell WhatsApp
call Keira 's auntie
i want to call Brayden Devin Kelly
WhatsApp call Christine Davila
dial Everett Hart's daughter Gia
I'd like to video call Cindy Ash
Create call for me Corbin, Jordyn, and Kiana
I'd like to talk with Brandon shannon
begin call with Linda on WeChat
I'd like to call Timothy Bass Carson
call Winston whatsapp video
i want to call William Landon Bennett
call Whitney Sutton
Call Joseph Peck Nguyen now
Call my brother
can you dial Elisa on WhatsApp
drop Nancy a line
Ring Paul
iniate call to brother
call Brooklynn 's cousin
Begin call with boss
make a call to Ethan Tucker's granddaughter
call bella
Start a video chat with Dean and Hilton
call Nick Mcgee
call Alexander Hinton on WhatsApp
Call Cameron
call Guillermo Hernandez instead
start a call to mum
WhatsApp call to Jaime
Please start call with dad
Could you connect me to the carpool group
get my cousins on the phon
I'd like to call Anna
please begin a call to Andy
call Laura WhatsApp
give Nancy Sherman a call
call Jessica and Brian
call cook
Call my mother
Begin call with Katelynn and Maxwell on Messenger
Video conference with my boss.
on whatsapp call Scarlett
call Elizabeth two
try calling Jose Dunn with WhatsApp
call Samantha and Payton
call Young and Rivera
Call Baxter now
give the grandma of Aaron a call
call Dennis WhatsApp
Start call with Melissa
make a group call for family
make a WhatsApp call to Jonathan
call Christopher Thomas through whatsapp
Ring Trish
call up Elaina Baxter's father
call Cleta Reaver facetime
call Cecily U
call Sydney Roth instead
call Camila and Kai
Call my wife please
Call Rob please
call my stepchildren
call Escobar and Madden
Start a video chat with mom
call Sawyer and Wong
Create call with Jared, Jaime, Fernando, and Brooklyn on Wechat
dial Rose's nana
Call my grandmother's mobile phone
Call C Krause for me
Start video chat
please call Jonathan right away
call Lia 's mom
open call and dial mom
Ring me mum
let's call Kallie Davis using WhatsApp
i want to touch base with Timothy
ping Connor
call Dominic Lutz WhatsApp
Connect me to Mam by video call
try calling Angelica
Can we do an call with the staff group on Hangouts
Begin video call Byron Jacobs, Alexia Bates, and Tommy Salazar
Can you call my mom with WhatsApp
call Lizbeth Hatfield
call Blanche Dundon 's grandpa
Please call grandfathers
call Victoria four
video call ava ira
i need to talk to my sisters please call him right now
I want to call the dads please
call Floria Valiente 's father
call Tatum Floyd WhatsApp
Call papa and father now.
Call Jessica
Call the group
i want to touch base with Bailey Harrison
Call my Girl Friend
Start an video call with Productivity
call Michelle number three
Call my daughter please
call Victor and Sara
please phone call 5558546 on Skype
I'd like to call Lola Valeria White
call Daisy Clemons, Isiah King, Brody Oneil, and Kiley Joyce on Whatsapp
Phone dad
Call Mohammed now
Make a group call for the family reunion please
start a group call with mark and melissa
call Emily Frazier Sims
command to call my friend Jess
Would you dial Kiera Farley and Nolan Fernandez
call Deborah right away
call my father please
can you use Messenger to call Justin Acosta
call Baker and Myers
Please start a call session with my study on Whatsapp
call Whatsapp Zander Reyes
we are gonna call Kaleb Price now
i want to phone call 3895555049
call Lyle X Pendley 's aunt
phone the uncle of Aubrey Wagner
make a call to Noelle's papa Derek
i'd like to call 5685552987  using cell
call Mason using Whatsapp video chat
start a call with Destiny Collins via WhatsApp
Can you call Paul?
we are gonna call Kevin
call eric and sally
on whatsapp call grandfather's cell
try to call Angelica Shelby
Call my brother at his  home number
call Kai and Ava
Make a call to my Los Angeles group on Skype
i want to call 555-9463  from Pixel
call 676-555-5608
Make call to my supervisor now.
i want to call Ben
Call Stephanie Conrad Escobar for me
i want to call Jennifer Hooper Zuniga
call Wischmann Grace 's sister
call Sullivan A Meyer
call Staci Okeke 's grandfather
call Kallie Davis on video on Whatsapp
Ring Steven
Send a video call to my family.
dial Selena Mills
Video call with my parents.
call up the grandpa of Luke Burgess
Start a call with my garden club group
call Wesley through whatsapp
can use please use WhatsApp to call Antonio Munoz
can you call Jayceon Hendrix in WhatsApp
Contact, Jim, start call
call Irene Powell
go ahead and call Tessa
Give my boyfriend a ring
Make a phone call with Brendon, Caitlyn, Grant, and Leslie
Would you call with Brennan Camacho and Brody Oneil on Messenger
Call Cleveland Clinic's help line
call Ashton's sister Cayden
call Tori Bortle 's grandmother
on Messenger contact Rebecca Randall
video call brothers in law and jill
call Jack instead
Create call for me Aurora, Francesca, and Cristian Long
call Stanley and Clayton
call London my wife
call Landen F
call Earlean Staine 's husband
I want to call the prayer please
call Pasty Inks 's dad
Could you connect me to daughters play date on Wechat
call Dayana number two
call Enid Requa right yes
call favorite five Group
call Maddison 's granddaughter
make a call to Dakota Stephens's mother
call Ok Skripko 's grandson
I'd like to call George J Rios
contact Andrea Cordova on WhatsApp
call Carline France Walls
I'd like to call with Brian and Louis
call David V
I want a call with Phillip Leonard and Kody Frye on Slack
please call Patrick right away
Hangouts call to Melissa
call Chloe call Eduardo with Whatsapp
call Setsuko Leichner 's kid
ping John
please call the kid of Kamila
call psychoanalyst
call Athena Sims with WhatsApp
Call my grandchildren back.
call Kate Bowman on video on Whatsapp
let's call Elias Valdez via WhatsApp
I want to make a phone call to my grandma joe
make a phone call to the grandfather of Judah James
could you start a video call
when Is the dusk sunday
Tell me what time sundown is.
when is the sun setting tonight
What time is sunset tomorrow?
Does Joan still live in Atlanta?
find out if corrie lives in south orange
Did Chris live in Houston
Where does David go to work?
Could I have the address information for Terry's current residence?
I want Sarah's work address.
What is Casey's work address?
Does Alex live on Bemont
What state does Caicy live in
does John live in Chicago?
Is Freddy Smith still living in Minnesota ?
What city does Mark live in?
Where was Chris Rock born?
Tell me the location of the last event
Where does Liam live?
What is Michelle's work address in Boise?
What is Melanie's home address?
What is Bruce's most recent home address?
where is rudy place to stay
Where does Patty live?
Find address of Aunt Brenda in Columbus.
does Jennifer live in Chicago?
i need the addess to Tony's house
What's my brother's address?
whats davids new address since the move
I'd like you to tell me where the last event is at
give me the address to julias office
Where does Kus live?
Where does Istiana live?
Matt's address of work
Home address for Wanda?
where is Michael's school ?
What is George's home address?
Do I have Scott's home address?
Tell me the location of Free Intro to Reiki
does Jill live in Fort Lauderdale
RSVP no to Bon Iver at the Gorge Amphitheater
Change my status to can't go for the fourth event
set my status as not going to Pumpkins in the Park
mark me as not going to NW Indigenous Peoples: Sharing Powwow Ways
mark me as not going to the third event
respond no to the fifth event
mark me as not going to Psychedelics and Social Justice
not going to Feast of San Gennaro
remove the reminders about church for the next three weeks
Delete reminder to get a newspaper tomorrow
Delete my reminder for the seminar today.
get rid of the reminder to bring joe to school Thursday
Erase the reminders for work for today.
I don't need my laundry reminder anymore.
Would you delete the reminders about the personal health coach calls for 2019?
I don't mean to be reminded that I have to get up at 5 AM tomorrow morning tonight
Delete the reminder to walk the dog on Saturday
remove reminder to get knee checked
Delete the reminder for gym for the rest of this week
Remove my Tuesday lunch reminder.
I no longer have a hair appointment for Saturday night at 11 they cancelled the appointment please delete that reminder
get rid of the reminders about the book club party in october
Can you cancel all reminders?
Cancel the reminder to go see Grandma
Delete my reminder for the party on Friday
Delete reminder to go to the eye doctor tomorrow.
Delete alert for road trip extravaganza.
Delete the reminder about emailing the school.
Remove the alert on my reminder about today's wedding party.
Please delete the reminder about our soccer match
Removed the 9pm alert on my medication reminder tonight
Can you remove the reminder  on tomorrow to visit with Paola?
Please cancel the reminder to call Anna
delete all reminders today
Cancel my reminder to buy cat food.
Delete Monday night football reminder.
delete the reminder about buying eggs
Cancel the reminder about Jane's party.
turn off all reminders for today since im busy
Delete all reminders for Sunday
delete my doctor's appointment  reminder on tuesday
Remove the reminder for our house painting this month
Get rid of the reminder to reschedule the meeting at work.
Pull up all of my event reminders for October and delete them all
Cancel my reminder to pay Lorraine.
cancel my reminders for today
cancel the reminder of my mom's birthday
Delete any reminders i have next weekend.
Remove my reminder to return my library books on Tuesday.
Delete the reminder for dinner on Saturday with Rob
Delete reminder to call husband at 7pm.
Remove the remind about gym night
I need to take off the reminder for milk
Turn off the reminder I have set to go see Grandma
Get rid of all of my 30 minute reminders for car pick up next week
can you delete the reminder to call my brother today
Will you please delete the reminder for dinner Thursday?
Delete the reminder for Ryan's drill on Saturday, August 4th and Sunday August 5th.
Delete the reminder about the date with Ashley on Saturday night.
cancel my reminder to buy milk
Delete the reminder to walk the dog on Sunday
Remove all remidners for the next 2 hours
Remove the alert on my reminder about the work party.
Delete the reminder to pick up groceries tonight
I need you to delete the reminder to do laundry on Friday
Delete all reminders about move in for July
Remove my reminder to not keep my phone charging overnight.
Delete morning reminder for Tuesday
Delete the reminder about buying dog food since my husband already bought it.
delete reminder for Paul's birthday
Remove the my reminder for Friday's doctor's appointment at 10:00 am
Delete the reminder to let the dog out because he died
Take away all the reminders that are set for tomorrow at 5 pm.
please delete the reminders to call mom during month of October
Please cancel my reminder to practice clarinet.
Delete the alert on the reminder for the show tomorrow night.
Get rid of my reminder to refill my prescription for Wednesday.
Delete all my reminders for Tuesday.
delete all work reminders
Delete my reminder for laundry tonight.
Cancel reminds for today.
Cancel the reminder for the dog's vet visit
set run timer for 30 minutes
Create a new timer for 10 seconds
set timer for 30min
help me set a new timer
Set a pizza timer for 17 minutes.
Start timer now!
Start the stopwatch
please start my timer
fix up a timer for me
Set a timer for 120 minutes and 26 seconds
Turn the timer on for five minutes.
Set the time for 20 minutes
set one timer for 21 minutes and a second for 10 seconds and a third for a day
Can you set my work out timer to one hour please?
Set timer now
launch two timers one for 16 minutes and one for 37
please set up a timer called pho
Set a timer for 37 minutes
Start a timer now
Time me while I run
gimme a 10 minute timer
I need a timer set for 10 minutes.
set my timer for a 35 minute baking time
start timer at 1:00 pm
set up a timer to last for three hours
make a timer for 60 minutes
set timer for 2 hours from now
Set 2 minute timer
Please set a timer for 35 minutes
Set a time for an hour
Set a new timer for an hour.
Set a time for 30 seconds.
set a timer for 30 seconds
set timer for 1 and half hours from now.
Set a timer for 35 minutes for lunch.
Please set a timer for 4 am
Start the timer in two minutes
set a time for 23 minutes
Set a timer for 21 minutes.
set new timer for 10 minutes
Add another timer, this time make it for 45 minutes
Put the timer to start the oven
Set a timer for five minutes now.
set timer for 56 minutes
set a 4 minute timer please
Set my timer for the usual time please
Put five minutes on the timer
make a eight minute timer and four hour timer and four minute timer
time my mile run
launch two timers first for 30 minutes and then for 40 seconds
Set the sleep timer for 10 minutes
Set timer for 8 minutes.
Can you put a timer on for an hour from now
set timer for lights for 7:00 pm
I need an 11 minute pasta timer
Set the timer for 48 hours
i need to set a timer for 5 minutes
Set a 60 second timer
introduce the timer that will last 1 minute
start a timer for 20 minutes
Set a timer in 1 hour
add a timer for 60 seconds
Set a timer for 6 minutes
create a new timer
set timer to 30 seconds
Time the pace.
Set a day long timer
15 minutes on the timer
set timer for 19 months please
Have timer go off every 20 minutes
id like to have a timer set for 4 minutes
set the timer for 10 minutes
Can you please set my timer to ding in 20 minutes
Start a timer countdown for 1 minute
START MY TIMER
set it for 2 hours
start the timer now for 4 minutes
start up a timer for french press
Start Stopwatch
set timer after 15 minutes
set one timer for 10 minutes and another for 27 minutes and another for 29 minutes
set timer for 1 minute
Count to 2 minutes
set timer for 10 seconds
switch it from audio call to video
Change voice call to video call with Oskar
set the call from audio call to video call
Make this a video call with Mum.
Switch to a video call
I would like to  activate  the video calling  now
Add video on this call.
Make this voice call a video call
Tell me what Lora does for work
Please delete the first five tracks.
I don't ever want to hear that song again
do not play any more justin bieber
Delete this song
Does anyone I know live in Lancaster?
Who lives in SF?
Show N Stinnette fiances birthdays
Do I know anyone from Wisconsin?
who works at pizza hut ?
List Robin Kanwar Grandmas upcoming birthdays
Who lives in Sante Fe?
Do any of my friends work at Starbucks?
could you find Hailee Dyer
Show friends of me.
List actors born in the 1970s.
let me see friend list
Who graduated from UVA?
Which of Marilu Noerenberg domestic partners have birthdays coming up?
Can you tell me who works at Best Buy?
Who are the friends of my husband?
are there any birthday's this tuesday
please let me see friends page
Let me see Adam's friends.
What friends went to SUNY New Paltz?
Tell me who works at Ebay.
Show Audrey friends birthdays to me
who from my friends list is still in miami
Friends of david
are any of my friends from Chicago?
look up Cissy's friends for me
Who lives in Fort Worth?
Do I have any friends that work for chase bank
How many friends live in Cairo?
show me Alice's friends
Who works at Capitol Records?
find cousins of Raymond Frank
What family do I have in San Diego?
How many ex-wives does Donald Trump have?
Can you tell me who works at Riverside?
Which of Vachon stepsisters were born on the 19th?
What birthdays are coming up on the 29th?
Who do I know that graduated from kean university?
Display Yolanda Tarsis PhD nieces birthdays on the screen
who is friend with Anne
Tell me who works at jeep.
Tell me who lives in Tuscon?
friends of laura
Can you tell me who works at McDonald's?
People I know who went to FSU.
Who is working for CSS?
Which of Windsheimer stepsisters have birthdays coming up?
Who works at Facebook?
Do I know someone who graduated from Cairo university ?
Show me Lenk moms in law birthdays
Is there anyone of my friends that has a birthday today?
Who that Yulanda know was born on May 11th?
Tell me Wonderling grand children birthdays
are any of my friends in Chicago?
Put Velda grandads upcoming birthdays on the screen
Who is Phyllis?
who's on facebook now
Do I know anyone who went to UB?
Do any of my friends go to ECU?
Do I know anyone in Hawaii?
Anyone from Oregon?
Anyone I know who graduated from UCF in Orlando?
Which of Stephan Havas aunts were born Tuesday?
Do I have a friend that works in Los Angeles?
Friends of Kit
Did any of my friends attend Grand Canyon University?
who in my family went to Pitt
does Kenzie have any sisters?
Who lives in nesconset?
Who in my friends went to Mt. San Jacinto College in the 80s?
Did any of my friends study abroad at any point in their college career?
Do I have any family in Myrtle Beach?
How many birthdays are on May 30th, 1944?
who resides in boulder
Who lives in ATL?
find Marina's step brother
show me friends of Marks
Who works at the McDonald's on Oregon Pike?
Do I have any friends in Vermont?
list of people who currently work at Lacey Medical Clinic
Show me people I know who went to SUU?
could you find Isaiah for me
Who works at Popeye's?
who graduated from Harvard
Friends of Donald Trump
friend list please
Friends of my uncle.
Tell me about Sarah's brother.
Who do I know from New York City?
Do I have any friends who graduated from Harvard?
who works at forever 21
please find me Rodger's father
Who's Mary's mom?
Who of my friends lives on Bartlett Street ?
Do any of my friends currently live in Miami?
Which of my friends living in New York have birthdays this month?
Can you tell me who lives in Chicago?
Is anyone's  birthday coming up?
which family member is from Sacramento.
anybody i know work at whole food
Show me Kerry Austin Aunts birthdays
Molly's friends with who?
List all of my friends who went to Yale?
I want to know the friends of Mary.
Who went to OCU?
show Selma's friends
Which of my friends graduated at onu?
What friends work for UHC?
is Brody Jansen a dad?
who works for aig
Who lives in Hawaii?
Who is currently attending DSU?
Do any of my friends live in Salt Lake?
Do any of my senior live in Bandung?
Who is Aliana's mother?
who works at Burger King
show friends application
Any friends work at Target?
Do I have any friends in Boston State University?
Please tell me who is working at Red Robin
Which one of my friends went to UEL?
Do I have any friends that graduated from UW in 2010
I need you to find Wesley Valdez for me
list of received calls from Dad
Did Kevin call me back today?
i want to see missed calls from yesterday with joey
pull up my call history with jim
Are there any missed calls on Saturday morning.
Did I miss any calls yesterday from my sister?
Did I miss any video calls?
bring up when i made my last call to daniel
Did I receive any calls that I missed today?
Missed calls for today. Now.
Delete clean playlist
who is brandon
Who is Jamie that is friends with Will
I want to know more about Kenzie.
Tell me who Anna is
Tell me about Courtney Smith Pope
how many friends does mark have
Who is Jackie's friend Sam?
tell me more about leanna
who is amelia
Who is Art's friend, Sean?
Tell me all about Kady please
Who is Mira?
Tell me about Kristy's boyfriend Steve
Who is James Bond?
does clint eastwood have any kids
How many friends has Bruno
Find more about Mike
Who is Vilda?
Tell me about Alex
Tell me some things about Jeremy.
Does Brielle have kids?
Delete all my timers set
Delete all timers.
Get rid of the timer named meditation
end it
delete timer
Erase my timer, the food is finished.
You can drop that workout timer
I don't need that timer set anymore.
delete timers 2 and 5
erase the current logs on the timer
Delete the current timer.
Cancel all my timers.
please cancel this video message
What is the recipe for fettuccine Alfredo
recipe for fried rice
What is the best recipe for pulled pork sandwiches
Red Velvet cake recipes
Find chicken vindaloo recipe
red lobster biscuit recipe
I have a nut allergy. Find me a dessert recipe
Find me a greek recipe
Can you find a recipe for Tomato soup
recipes with cheese
What do I need to make a balsamic vinaigrette at home
how do i make my own pasta
Give me a good pizza recipe
how do you make flour from scratch
turkey recipes
Find me a Chinese dumpling recipe
How do I make the perfect hard boiled egg
Find me a recipe on easy shrimp tacos
how do you make a flan
How to make baked mac n cheese
how do I make pizza
easy and fast recipes for lunch
find me fried chicken recipe
I need a recipe for homemade cookie dough
How do I cook longganisa
how do i make alfredo sauce
could you look up a moist cake recipe
What is the recipe for Pico de Gallo
quick sandwich bread recipe
How do you make applesauce
How do you cook an apple pie
I need a recipe for oatmeal cookies
what are tritip recipes please
japanese sushi recipes
How do I make beer bratwurst
Can you find the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
How do I cook ratatouille
I need vegan recipes for cookies
homemade steak seasoning
Give me a frech recipe
I need a recipe that uses cucumbers
Short rib recipes please
How do you make chicken spaghetti
Lasagna recipe from scratch
Help me make dinner
How to make a vegan omelette
how do you make lime pickle
Give me non-spicy Indian food recipes
Show me a recipe for baked spaghetti
How do I make alfredo sauce
I want a recipe for pumpkin pie
I need recipes for chicken parmesan alfredo
How do you make pizza dough
what is a popular chocolate chip recipe
How do I prepare a moist steak
I want simple vegan recipes
Give me the best Chic-fil-a mimic recipes
How does gordon ramsay scramble eggs
Find me an easy pasta recipe for dinner
tell me the recipe for pull pork
what is the best way to make a protein bar
What are quick healthy dinner recipes
Find me a recipe for shrimp cocktail
how to make veggie chicken nuggets
How to cook green chile enchiladas
how do you cook eggs benedict
coleslaw recipe without sugar
Spicy chicken recipe
Learn to cook soul food
what can you do with chicken broth
I need a chicken and dumplings recipe
I'd like to make Chicken Pot Pie from scratch.
whats a good recipe for pre-running food
How do you make white sauce for pizza
how do i make pecan pie
find the best burger recipe
how do I make my own crust from scratch
recipes with beans
Find me a fun cookie recipe that's easy to make
I want a recipe for a chicken, pan pizza
how to make spaghetti sauce
What is the recipe of a chocolate milkshake
What is a good recipe for fish and chips
Easy to make chicken recipes
best dinner recipes of all time
find a recipe for snickerdoodles
bread recipe
Show me cheapest ramen
What kind of event is Healing Spirit: An Interactive Event?
What kind of event is Oktoberfest?
What type of event is Autumn Moon Festival?
To busy right now
Can you set me as unavailable?
i am not available right now
i am currently not available
set availability to i am busy
i am unavailable
I am currently unavailable.
I am unreachable
turn on unavailable mode
Make me unavailable at the moment
Turn off my availability
Please set me to unavailable
Set my availability as unavailable
please make me unavailable
still unavailable
Change my availability as busy
answer calls on Skype by default
Is it okay to put a pizza in the oven before it is done preheating
Should I add a ham hock to the greens
can you freeze grapes
Can you cook fish on a george foreman grill
Can you bake a potato in a microwave
Is it ok if there is a little pink in the pork
is lasagna vegan
Can I eat raw fish
Does sausage contain salt
Is cheese vegetarian
Does milk tea need sugar at all
Does briyani need ginger garlic paste
Is it safe to eat the stuffing that you stuff the turkey with
Does pad thai have peanut butter in it?
Is there alcohol is vanilla extract
Do Cuban beans contain sofrito
Can you freeze cream cheese?
add new playlist
create a playlist of pop music
create a playlist called This Is BTS
Create a playlist with my rock songs
How do I delete my reminders
End current accept new call
Please switch call
I need to switch back to that call
End Current call and switch calls
Switch to the incoming call after discontinuing the current call
I need to switch to the incoming call
answer new call and end current call
Start switch call
answer incoming call and end current
Where did Adele go to college?
Where did Donald Trump go to college?
Resume the music.
When did Malcom X die?
What time did I get my last call
What time did mum ring me when I was away?
All the missed calls from Tony were at what time on Sunday?
What time did I call Amy today?
When did I get the call from Tracey
What time did my boss call me?
At what time did I miss a call today?
I need you to update the timer
please update those timers
fix my puzzle timer
Update timer to 15 minutes.
change timer from now to later
change timer  to 5 minutes
please change my Interval training timer
Change timer to 45 minutes.
Change power nap timer to 25 minutes
update timer
Forward all calls from Ben to voicemail.
Ignore New Call
Ignore all calls from Beckam.
Ignore the call from Joyce.
not right now please
ignore calls from Carly
Ignore all calls from my son in law.
please don't pick that up for me
don't answer it
Don't answer any calls from my parents
how many hours until sunrise
tell me when sunrise is
Will there be a sunrise the day after tomorrow at 16th Street Mall
answer the video call from kelly
Pick up my brothers call
take a new call
Answer  new call now please
ALWAYS ANSWER CALLS FROM RANDY
can you pick up dane Madison's call
Answer the new call, please
Answer all afternoon calls.
can you pick up Espinosa's call
What is the top headline for today?
What is the news from Hawaii?
news on football preseason
give me major global headlines
Take me to the sporting news.
Breaking news
what's the top story for today?
news updates from california
show latest news on Bill Cosby trial
Can I have the latest business headlines?
read me the top news headlines
I need the news, please.
read me the details about Ric Flair hospitalization
What is the latest news on Donald Trump?
WHAT IS THE TOP NEWS STORY TODAY
Top 4 news stories in the US
what are the top headlines from cbs news
What is the main news headline on CNN
Tell me all the news related to Selena Gomez.
Show me local sports news
any news on the north-korea crisis
what is todays top local news story
READ ME THE DETAILS ABOUT THE CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
Show me the Google news headlines
what's the top sports news for today
News stories for today
What are the details of the Virginia nationalist march
trending headlines
What has Donald Trump recently twitted about that has been in the news
news update please
Show me the latest stock news.
can you show fox & friends live news
any news about north korea?
can you give me more news about politics
what are the headlines on bossip
top stories in japan
Read me cnn's latest news
What are the recent headlines in Broward County?
I would like to know whats going on in the news.
What are recent headlines in Wichita?
Show me the last headline
Can you give me the latest news on the economy?
What are the headlines for today
Whats going on in the news today
Local News Update
Go to the next story
whats the latest headlines on Trump?
What is the headlining news today?
Any recent news about Obamacare?
Send me the news from New York University.
What is on local news tonight?
gimme today's good news
What is happening internationally in the news?
what are today's top stories
What is the big headline for today?
i want to see headlines about murders
read me a happy story from the news this morning
tell me the city news today
read me the headlining news for today
I want more details about what's happening in Charlottesville
can you show more news about Asia?
Can you give me more news about the election that was held Tuesday in Lucedale
Please read the latest details about North Korea
Are there any breaking stories?
I need the most recent news updates
Open latest news.
News on Long Island
Any White house news today?
What happened around me in news today?
What is the news in Ireland today?
Please tell me the details about North Korea
Any news on the Supreme Court rulings?
any crazy new stories
Show me Savannah news for the week
what is the latest news article about America's drinking problem?
Read me the latest cnn headlines
latest news on the internet
get me the news for the colts
Give me all recent News headlines
whats the latest economic news
What are the top stories in local news today
What are today's national headlines?
Are there any new stories about global warming?
what is the current entertainment news
read me the recent news headlines for US
show me headlines from AP
Please read top 5 world news articles from todays date
Give me the details on the recent issues with north korea
lastest north korea news
Any News update for today?
is there news today regarding the repeal of the obamacare law?
Golf News headlines?
Whats the most recent news
When do the CBS news come on tomorrow
tell me news
What is the latest news about the President Of The United States
Any interesting weather news
news in Chicago
get us news
who made the recent news in my town
can you resume me the news for today?
Read me the latest news about Southwest Airlines.
What are today's sports headlines?
What is the latest Trump news?
What's the world news
What is happening in the news
Breaking news, please?
What is the most current event in the news?
Most recent breaking news
what is the latest news regarding the NFL?
show me articles on Russians
Fox News headlines.
show me the most recent news
Latest OJ Simpson news
What's the latest article on Yahoo News?
Any news stories about the march that happened downtown?
nfl recent news
what is the details of the lindsey logan trial
what are current news top headlines
Give me some news about NASA
what is the breaking news on ABC?
Any news from Google News
any more news about the president
Read the details on the Russia investigation
What's the news on the stock market
Give me this morning's news headlines
Recent news about the arts
today's headlines
Global news please.
Read me today's headlines.
What are the news headlines for Elizabethtown
national news headlines
Show me recent baseball news
sports news today
Show me the Tech news of the day
Jeff Sessions news
Tell me any headlines related to the death of chester bennington
any new local news?
Read news about Russia interfering with US election
foxnews articles on the election
give me an update on this weeks news
News headlines on CNN
Any recent news about terrorists?
Any news on North Korea this evening
What's the recent news on fox
give me a news update from cnn
What is the top news story of the hour
any new healthcare repeal news
tell me the big news
What's the latest CNN story?
What is the main headline in USA Today?
Read me a news headline
Any news I should know about?
Show news stories about car accidents in Detroit.
Can you give me more details about the Miami Marlins sale
is there any new news on the president
Whats the latest news on North Koreas nukes?
Give me news from Fox
update on local news headlines
What is the news for tulsa, oklahoma?
What are the most recent news headlines?
what is today's major headline?
Get me BBC latest news
Business news, please
New stories on Huffington Post, please.
Latest report on Syria please.
Please update me with news on the Clinton email scandal.
Give me the news headlines update
any recent news on Queens events?
Continue news
Please read details on last night's Rachel Maddow show.
What is the breaking news for New York
Read me sports headlines
Turkey important news please
What's the most popular headline today
i need details on the new space mission
Headlines in financial news
Most recent news from today
Today's current news
What news is happening with the president of China
Give me news about the world cup bid
us today live
Anything I should know about in the news today?
Can you give me an update on the White House
read the recent news updates
What are the most popular news story today?
Show me the news from The Mail
I need news updates for Wichita, ks.
Recent stories on accidents in Livonia
Any recent news in Ohio
What are the trending news stories today
US Immigration news
was N Korea in the news today
international tech news for this week please
can i hear the newest celebrity gossip news
any recent news on queen elizabeth
whats trending in the news right now?
Tell me the biggest news story of the day.
Give me a recent news update please.
whats the news with north korea
News headlines for today
Any news about the North Korea?
WHAT IS THE NEWS IN PARIS
what are the day before yesterday's headlines
Has Bill Clinton been in the news lately
What is going on in the news for my local area?
what are the current events today
news update on the winter olympics
Read me the headline on Johnny Wong
what is going on with The Kardashians in the news
What is in the news right now
Read the latest headlines from Charlottesville.
Can you give me more information on the federal budget decision from yesterday.
Please read the details about Bill Cobsy court trial
Is there news?
Add Steve to this call
call mom as well and add her
Share call with grandmother jimmy
Send call invite to boyfriend to join conversation
Add Rob too
Add Paul to the call
invite stepbrothers to the call
Remove Freddy from this conversation
Add in Polly Binggeli please
invite maggie to join
Have Hailey Fischer taken off the group call
Add Heather and Carrie to call with  Amy
add daddy to the call
Have Long taken off the group call
remove my wife from the conversation
remove my aunt from the call
Can you add Nikki to this call
Add in Margareta Hufty
I would like to send Joey a call invite
invite child to this call
add Moses to this call
Add mom to this call, please
Add Curtis to this current call.
put my siblings into call
Add Marion to the group call.
Link mom to the current active call
dial susie also
add my grannies to the call
Add Mom to the call
Please add Francine to the call.
Add Alison to my call to Zac
Delete John from this call
Can we add my cousins to the video chat?
Remove Dad from this call
Would you add in Pasty Inks?
stepmom need to be added to this call
add my aunt Margene to this call
add sheila to the call
i would like to add a person to this call
Please let Mary enter into this call
Add Mom to call
Remove my mom and my sister from this call.
Invite dad to my call
Does Paul turns 67 in July?
How old is June?
Give me Lee's age
How old is Jo Nelle?
how old is my nephew Josua
How old is Jahmir?
How old is Melinda?
Give me the age of my cousins Frank wife
how old is dad
how old is Kayla
I want to hear that last song again
replay the last google music song
can i play the last song again
Please play the last track again
Please replay the last song
Go to previous song
Can you replay the last song?
Subtract 15 minutes from my timer
remove 15 minutes from Reading timer
take 20 minutes off the timer
Take 15 mins off the timer
remove two minutes from the timer
Delete some minutes from my running time.
Delete 5 minutes from timer
Subtract ten minutes from the current timer.
shorten my timer by 5 mins
what year did this album come out?
Who sings "I Can See Clearly Now"?
What was the number one top 40 album this week
How many albums are there by The Judds?
What year was this released
stop alarm
Turn off the alarm I have set
Shut down this alarm
reset all alarms
Turn off alarms
Turn off
Quiet.
Dismiss my next alarm.
please turn the noise off
not now!
Turn off my last alarm
Be quiet alarm
set my alarm for 6 a.m. tomorrow
Set an alarm for 30 minutes from now
Trigger my alarm to 2pm
Make an alarm for January 1st at midnight.
Schedule alarm for tomorrow at 2pm
Wake me up at 7am on the 19th
Set up recurrent alarm for every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday at 6pm
set an alarm for 60 seconds.
Set alarm for the first Monday of every month at 5am
set an alarm at 8pm on the 18th
make an alarm for 0350
Set alarm for 5pm on Tuesday
set an alarm for july 6th
Turn on the alarm to ring in two hours
Set a nap alarm for today at 6
Make an alarm for tomorrow morning
Create alarms everyday at 7am and 7:30 am
set an alarm for every Saturday at 9 am
create a biweekly alarm for Monday at 9pm
Set my alarm for 4 am
set alarm for 6:30a and say wake up
Set alarm every minutes for 15 minutes
Create an alarm for 7pm.
Build a new alarm entry
I need an alarm please
Make a repeating alarm  to goes off 3 pm every Thursday for 6 weeks
set alarm every 5 minutes for 25 minutes
set an alarm to go off on thursday nights at six
Create an alarm every other week for Tuesdays at 9am.
I would like an alarm at 8am for Monday, Tuesday and Thursday for the next 3 month
Make the alarm repeat itself daily
Can you make an alarm for the 22nd of March at 5 in the morning
Wake me up tomorrow morning
Set alarm for tomorrow at 10:00 PM
I need two alarms set for 2am
Please set up a repeating alarm at 5pm on Fridays.
Set an alarm that goes off every Monday and Friday at 4pm
set an alarm every 5 minutes for 30 minutes
I want to be woken at 3.30pm, please set the alarm at this time
Set an alarm every 30 minutes for 3 hours.
Set an alarm for every 20 seconds
Make an alarm for Tuesday at 2 in the afternoon
create alarms for this afternoon at 6pm and 8pm
can you set an alarm for 1 minute from now
turn on alarm
Set an alarm for every 2 minutes for 10 minutes.
Make a repeating alarm for 7am every Monday.
Set alarm for 6 am every monday
Create alarms for Wednesdays at 6am
Set alarm 9.30 AM
Need a weekly alarm for 5am on Mondays
Can you wake me up at 7 the next 3 days?
set alarm for 6:30am
Set up an alarm for every Wednesday at 6pm
create an alarm for 5 in the morning for thursday 4th june
Create a garbage day alarm for tomorrow at 5am
add an alarm every day at 6am
Schedule my alarm for the 12th
set big brother alarm for 7:00 pm tuesday and sunday
Set an alarm for 7am tomorrow?
turn on all of my alarms
set a wake up call at 7am
Set an alarm  for tuesday 3am
Make alarms for 7:30am and 5:30pm tomorrow
Set monthly alert to change pool filter
Set my alarm for 9 am
Could you create alarms for Friday at 7 and 8 am, please?
Set an alarm for 9 am tomorrow
make an alarm for 4pm weekly
Please set alarm for tomorrow afternoon
give me a new alarm for 2105h
Make an alarm at 7 AM and PM tomorrow.
Set the alarm to 5:30pm
Create alarms for Mondays at 7:15 and 7:30 in the morning.
set an alarm called get milk for 6pm
Can you please create a new alarm
Make an alarm for 9pm please.
Set my alarm for 10 am.
Set an alarm for all weekday mornings at 6:30am
Can you wake me up 15mins later today?
Set alarm to go off in three hours
Set an alarm for Wednesday the 15th at 12 pm
reset alarm to six forty five
How about setting the alarm for 3pm this afternoon.
On Friday create an alarm for 11am and then 11pm.
Create alarm for the 19th
Initiate a 7am alarm
Set my alarm for 7 am tomorrow.
set an alarm for 1 weekends
set an alarm for 7 am every day
please set alarm for noon
Give me a take your medicine alarm at 2am tomorrow.
Please set an alarm for tomorrow morning
Create a wakeup alarm.
I want to set the alarm for 9 a.m. tomorrow.
Set a couple more alarms for today
Set daily alarm to wakeup at 8am
set alarm for nap time
Set 3 alarms, 5 minutes apart starting at 7am tomorrow.
I need the alarm set for 2pm
Set alarm to go off precisely at 2:01 pm
Alarm for 5 minutes.
I need a wake up alarm tomorrow
Set two alarms for tomorrow morning
give me a new alarm for 18h55
set an alarm for 5 am on Thursday and Friday
Creat alarm for 9pm
Make alarms for later today at 11 and 11.05pm.
Create an alarm for tonight.
Set an alarm for 9 PM to finish my project.
Set alarm for 4:00 AM Monday.
Set a 'time for bed' alarm for this evening at 8 o'clock
Create an alarm for 3 in the afternoon
Set an alarm for 30 Minutes from now
Could you set the alarm for 3pm, please.
set alarm every five minute between 6 and 630
Set an alarm for Friday at 2:30 pm to renew my gym membership.
Have an alarm set up to run every Thursday at 6am
Set an alarm for my meeting at 3:00 PM
Set alarm for 30 minutes
Set an alarm this Thursday at 9am and 10am
Create a new alarm for the first of January next year at 3pm.
Create wakeup alarm for tomorrow at 6am
Create a alarms for 1pm and 5pm on Monday for a Month
set my alarm for 4:30 tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for 6pm this evening
make an alarm for saturday at 11pm
Set the oven alarm for 50 minutes.
create an alarm for Oliver at 7pm
I need an alarm set for 5 hours from now
Create alarm for next thursday
Set a recurring alarm for every second Sunday starting with this Sunday.
I need an alarm to go off tomorrow afternoon
Make an alarm for tomorrow evening please
Make an alarm for 10 in the morning, please
Set up the alarm for 6am.
create an alarm for friday at 9am and saturday 12pm
Make an alarm for Friday at 4pm
Make an alarm for the 1st of every month for the next six months
Set an alarm for 10pm Sunday, Monday, & Tuesday.
set a workout for an hour with alarms every 10 minutes
Create alarm for this Tuesday
Can you make an alarm for the 18th at 7am?
Give me an alarm every 3 minutes.
Create 'go to work' alarm
wake me up after 2 hours
Set alarm for 3.30 every Monday
Set alarm for 7:00am for the next 5 days.
set alarm for 8:30am
Set alarm for 6 am
Wake me up at 1pm
Set an alarm for 2:30 tomorrow morning, please
Set alarm every minute for 24 minutes
New alarm for 8am every saturday
Set an alarm for 10 a.m. Friday
create an alarm for Fridays at 2.30am
Make a wedding day alarm for Saturday 2nd at 8am
Set an alarm for 7:00am on 25th July
please set an alarm for 4pm
Set reminder for 12pm
Make an alarm for 8:00am and 9:00am
Set 3 alarms at 7, 8 and 9am
Set alarm for 12:00 pm Tuesday and Friday.
set an alarm for 1120
set an alarm for 2240h
3pm alarm on July 4th
Set a night alarm at 10 pm.
create alarm for 825
Set the alarm for 10 mins.
Set an alarm for 7:30 a.m.
Set an alarm for 55 minutes from now.
sound alarm at 13h60
Set a wake up alarm for friday
Set alarm for 10 am tomorrow
can you turn clock on for 5:10
set alarm to ring at 12p every day
I want an alarm set
Set a birth control alarm for 930pm.
i want an alarm time of 6am
set my alarm for 11 pm tonight
Set a daily alarm for 5:00 am.
Set alarm every minute for 10 minutes.
please set an alarm for 3 am
Set a new alarm for 8am
please set my alarm every 6 minutes
Add an alarm for July 2nd
give me a new alarm for 11h30
Set alarm for 8am Thursday
repeat alarm every monday at 4pm
arrange an alarm for 3
Set alarms for 7am and 7:30am tomorrow.
create alarm for 1555h
Set alarm for Monday at 2pm, Saturday at 9am and Sunday at 12pm.
recurring alarm for 6 am please
Set a new alarm for 20 minutes please
Set an alarm for Monday at 5:30.
Turn on all alarms
Set an alarm for 8:30 am
sound alarm at 2110
Set a meeting alarm at 4pm
Set an alarm for the the 7th of June
Have an alarm set to wake me up
Please set the alarm for tomorrow at 7
Make my alarm ring at 7am Wednesday and Friday
Get up at 11am and take the medicine
Make sure there is an alarm this Thursday at 6am
i want alarm to go off at noon and midnight
make an alarm for Sunday @ 8
Make an alarm for Thursday midnight.
What degree did trevor graduate with?
Does vilda already finished her college study?
Who called me last night?
Who is that calling now?
Tell me the name of the person calling right now
Restart my timer please
Reset my timer to 90 minutes.
Reset the timer.
restart timer for dinner
restart the timer
restart timer after 1 hour
Timer restart in five minutes.
Reset the timer when I am done
Does Kathy work at US Gold gymnastics
Who is Bob employed with?
Where is Amy working at these days?
Is Kathy still working at Chemcraft?
Does Liz work for Verizon
Did Sarah ever work for Best Buy
is ups still andrews employer
Who's Larry's employer?
Where does my father work?
where does Lee work now?
does joe work at olive garden?
Does Brennan work at Highlife?
has john worked for google before
Where does Istiana work?
Who is leahs current employer
does tom still work for the philadelphia eagles
Where does Rhonda work
Where is it that Dave works?
does van greenwood still work at qsbc
Show me my reminders for the day.
Give my reminders
Do I have any reminders for next week for the chiropractor?
please remind me of any doctor appts. next week
Please list all my reminders
Display the reminders for what I need to bring to the lawyer next week.
Can you pull up the reminder to attend Mikes party on Saturday evening.
Are there any reminders for the concert this year?
Is my Tuesday reminder for the doctor or the dentist
Do I have any reminders about Scott or Stacy's birthday parties in Chicago?
Get me all reminders set for the dogs.
do i have any reminders today?
Let me see what reminders I had set for last week.
Give me reminders involving my mother
Can you show me my reminders for dinner dates next week?
What reminders do I have for the first week of September?
What are my reminders for next Friday night?
Get all our reminders for the next week shopping
Can you let me know how many reminders i have for Saturday, August 15th?
Do I have a reminder set for the doctor for tomorrow
find reminder to take car for maintenance
display all reminders for tomorrow
Show me my reminder's for next week.
What reminders are set in September after the 15th?
what remineder do i have for saturday
Can I see the book club reminder for next month?
what reminders do I have about kids school plays?
are there any reminders this week for meetings with the school officials
Are there any reminders for September?
Can I see the reminder about Craig's orientation?
Read today's reminders back to me.
What reminders do i have for sunday?
I need all reminders from Walker.
play all reminders
I'm going to need to see all the reminder relating to Madison.
Do I have any dinner reminders for Friday?
Show list of reminders.
Show me all reminders.
whose birthday reminders are this month
What are my reminders for the month of August?
What are the reminders for next Tuesday?
Read my afternoon reminders.
What do I need to be reminded of on Sunday?
What reminders do I have for payday dates?
I want to pull up all of the reminders labeled Micheala
What reminders do I have set up for next week Thursday morning?
What reminders do i have for this month?
What are my reminders for this week?
show me all reminders for Thursday.
do i have any reminders to work n my taxes?
Tell me my next bill due date reminder.
What reminders does my husband Mark have for this month
List my reminders for the day
What are my work reminders?
do i have a reminder set for July 31st  for Mom and Dad's anniversary
What reminders do I have this week
What was the last reminder that I posted?
show me reminders i have for work meetings next week
do i have any medical appointments reminders
what reminders do I have for next weekend.
Show me all the reminders for the sales meeting scheduled for next Wednesday
Show me the earliest family meeting reunion reminder.
Show me all of my reminders related to eating out for next week.
Display reminders for student loans payments including the dates and repayment links
show my reminders for this week
Pull up reminders for when Jade takes her pills.
find me all reminders with insurance agency
I prefer film events
Rewind the song
are there still people missing in mexico city
where  is President Trump today ?
Did the stock market go down again today
Who were the victims in the place crash
is North Korea launching another missile?
when is donald trumps next media appearance
What happened in the OJ Simpson trial
is the president on ABC news?
I CNN covering the Presidents inauguration
Will Trump fire Mueller
Has there been any announcement from Congress today on Tax Reform?
What is the deal with the scandal?
who won the election
Did they identify the driver in Charlottesville?
did anyone get fired in the White house today
What day is election day in 2018
When is the primary election
Who is currently winning the election
Where does the US stand with adversaries?
How many people were injured in Virginia this weekend?
What year was Pearl Harbor
did selena gomez get sent to prison
Is the hurricane being televised
Did Donald Trump tweet about Congress today
Who is Taylor Swift's current boyfriend?
What was the verdict on OJ Simpson's murder trial
Please stop the timer.
Pause timer so that I can take a break.
Please pause the timer.
stop first timer
Pause the egg timer
pause the time please
Stop Timer.
pause timer again
can you pause the timer for me please?
Can you pause my timer please?
Set the timer to snooze
pause my productivity timer
pause the timer called mutton
pause the cooking timer please
can you suspend the timer
stop the timer please
Please read details on last night's Rachel Maddow show
Can you give me more details about the election
Add washing car, to my reminder of chores to do.
Add eggs to grocery reminder tonight
Add visit to church in my reminder for Sunday.
Add milk and bagels to my grocery reminder this week.
Show me all of my upcoming alarms
How much time do I have before the alarm goes off
how much time till my alarm goes off
When will next alarm ring
indicate all set alarms
Show me all repeating alarms
Display alarms please.
what are my current alarms set at
show my alarms for tuesday please
Every day my alarm is set for what time?
Show me my alarms
how much time on alarm
Can you tell me when my next alarm is?
what time are my alarms?
List my alarms today
How long before the alarm goes off?
What time is my next alarm set for
Tell me my alarms for today
I need to see my alarms.
How much time is left on my afternoon alarm
add 25 minutes to my timer
would you add 12 minutes to my Inhale timer
Add five minutes to the timer.
Extend by 5 minutes
add 20 seconds to the wall sit timer
add 10 minutes to the time out timer
add 5 minutes to timer
lengthen my timer by 10 minutes
add 11 minutes to the You aren’t done brushing until this goes off timer
add a half hour to the timer
add to Pushups timer 11 minutes
put 10 more minutes on the timer
put 11 minutes more on the Pumpkin seeds timer
Add 5 minutes
Add an hour to my time
Can you please add 30 seconds to the current timer
Put five extra minutes on the steak timer
add 15 more minutes to my timer
add 15 minutes to the Wake up wife timer
Add 99 minutes to my timer
Add 15 minutes to existing timer
Adding 5 minutes to the timer
show how long on toothbrush timer
Tell me how much time my timer has left
How much time did I set to cook my brownies
is there any time left on the timer
Tell me how much time I have left
When is the timer going to go off?
How many minutes are on the timer?
Do I have any timers set now?
How much time is left on my pizza
Are there any active timers
How long have I been running so far
How much time is left on the timer that is going right now?
How long do i have left
How long does my timer have left
how many seconds are left
How much time is left overall on my timer?
Timer time
How much time is left on my last timer set?
How many minutes have I been running
what is remaining of my timer?
show time remaining on timer
Did the timer end
What is the status of my timer?
How long has it been so far
How much time is left on my running timer?
How much left on the timer
At what time will my timer go off?
whats left on the timer
can you put up my timer on the screen
Give me the time left I have on my timer.
What does the timer say
How many seconds left on my timer?
Will the timer end soon?
how much time is remaining  on the reading timer
is my timer going to go off soon?
How long have I been timing so far?
Let me know the time on my current timer.
How much time on my puzzle timer
return to current timer
How much time is left on the timer
Fast forward this song.
please set amazon music as my default
use google play music as my music provider
Only use apple as my music app
please use google play music for music
change the default music provider
for music please use google play music
for music use google play
please set spotify as my default
Find friends of Lee I know too
do I have any common friends with Scott?
Is Louise on her phone ?
Out of the last people I talked to which one is online now
Who's here
Is anyone from New Jersey online
Is my son online now?
Is Liz online?
any relatives online today?
Is Yasin accepting calls at the moment?
please show me everyone who's available
Is anyone currently available
tell me who of my friends are online
is mike available today
Who among my family is online?
Who's free
is anyone available at the moment
Anybody online? Who?
any of my brothers online now?
tell me who is online that I know
Is my children online
make a list showing those available
List the people that are available please
see if bob is around to dial in
who of my friends are online
let's see who's online
Is Jack currently online?
Show people
Is anyone I know in south Carolina online
is charles online now
Can you tell me who is online?
Is anyone I know online
Is my mom available to talk on line?
Give me a list of who is available
What friends of mine is online?
Is Katie online?
Check who is online right now
Can you show me who is available
Did anyone sign on?
who shows online?
which guy friends are online?
Tell me who is online now.
Is Eileen online now?
Is John available online now?
mute the station please
turn off the music
Message Sophie and tell her I can't wait for Vegas trip in August to the Mandalay Bay
I want to send a video message to my Dad.
Send a message to Lesley that I am at the last like before my house, so I show be home in 5 mins.
Send a message to Paul asking him if he intends to attend this year's CK Alumni dinner.
message all the people who said happy birthday saying thank you it was a great day
i want to send a video message to mike
message Jose, Beth and Damien something that says sounds good
send a message to my family that says talk to you later
Message Stevie asking what time dinner will be ready?
text Ember Going thru some ancient computers, triaging the files and trashing them you
Send the pictures to Lynn.
I need you to message Amy
Tell Terri we can meet at my place on Tuesday.
please send that video to the college chat
I want to record a video message for Rochell Lacaille
please send Stephen on Facebook that are you free
Let Chris know to pick up the cake before the party tonight.
let's record a birthday video message for Helen
reply with a text via Facebook
Send a recorded video message to mom
let malla know that pugapalooza is on sunday
text my sister and ask what her ETA is
start recording video for Melissa
Send message to Raymond asking him what time the real estate seminar starts on Friday.
video message Allie
would you message Bill Murray and Max
Send Inah a message, I could not find the file from your desk.
reply to Leonardo with a video message
Ask Shaney what services she wants done, and what day she is available for an appointment.
would you video message A Sandoval
can you send Franklin the video message on WhatsApp
I need you to ask Kat if the Yoga class is still on for tomorrow.
i would like to message the poly cruise thread message
send a message to my siblings that says on my way
Send a message to Alice and ask if the flowers go to Herberts on 3rd.
send susan penn a happy birthday message
lets video message Tobias
ask Angela how Eric is doing
can you send that video to the xyz thread
respond to i would like to message video message to Julia Peterson via WhatsApp
Send a video message to my friends
I want to record a video message for nana
message my friends and family that the surprise party will be on July 25th at 2pm
leave Nina a video message
I need you to video message Jenny
Send a message to Paul asking what he wants for dinner
send the text on WhatsApp
would you text Janice and Professor Snape
i would like to message my parents message
i would like to message the classmate thread message
Send a message to my Mom about the rainy weather conditions and to stay home
Send a message to Rosanne asking if the rain has stopped at our house
ask matt if he remembers our first date
Find out from Leena if she is also coming for the weekend movie.
Message my daughter - ask her if she is going to Disney this year
send video message via WhatsApp
video message Sawyer
reply to the church leader chat with text
I want to video message Tanya Wills.
Send a message out to Bill's friends saying that theres a suprise party for him on the 1th for his 50th birthday party at the VFW Hall in Irvine, KY
send Jake a Facebook text
would you video message Jaden
Message Kari asking where her current location is
Send an email to Eric to tell him that we will be visiting the Grand Canyon this August and we would love to see him and his family.
Send a message to my client letting her know i am running late
i would like to message Bernie that Facebook message
Contact Kylie and ask her if she has the details of the poetry slam on June 30.
Ask Lydia if she remembers the 'banana incident'
send a message to dad that I am at gas station near utopia exit 25
Send Chandler a message to call me back
I want to send a video message to my sister.
Sorry, let me repeat that. Ask Rebecca how she is.
Send a group message to my friends to see if they want to meet for a movie and dinner this weekend.
send the rave exchange thread
message jane saying bye
Send message to office cleaning lady she will not need to come in tomorrow morning.
message Dana Thompson, Minerva and Zachary Fletcher something that says on my way
i would like to message the photography friends chat
can you video message Anna Moore Mendoza
message my sister I fly in July 24th at 8PM
Message Debbie and tell her the date of BamBam's party is still the same night.
please send the following video message to Ronnie and Brian
can you send Paul a Messenger video message
Message Dave asking if he found my bluetooth in the store
Send a message to Tom and Dave and say that the meeting is postponed until tomorrow afternoon.
If you will, send a video message to my dad.
Message Amy that the sale at Marshall's is July 10 through 15
can you send my parents message
Text Levi back and tell him I'm running late because of traffic
send a video message via Messenger
Ask if Rebecca is ok
Message carol and ask her where exactly i should meet her for coffee in three days
Message Chrissy to let her know we will not be able to attend her anniversary party on the 20th, send our regrets.
let's start recording a video message for Mary
Please record video message for daughter.
Message Samantha asking if he has my book.
i would like to message that video to Phil Bradley, Ned, and Gavin
Please message Missy and tell her I had a wonderful time at the beach.
tell john jacob that i don't want to meet anywhere but quail springs mall
text Debbie and Sarah that sounds good
Message Marcell to ask him if the chainsaw has been fixed
message a video message to Ada
Tell Tim that dinner will be ready in 45 minutes.
Send message to my employees that the office will close an hour early due to daylight savings
i want you to record a video message for my grandma jess
Send a message to Aunt Pat asking if she wants to meet up.
reply to Jeffrey S Ball with a video message
send a video to Veronica
send a message to my parents
Ask Jordan when the wedding is.
Send a message to Louise and ask if I left my wallet in her car.
Can you video message Alan Cox?
Remind John that the movie premiere at 7 downtown.
can you record a video message for Heerdt Albertina
Send video message on Facebook
Would you send text to Giles via Messenger
Acknowledge Sherman and tell him I got his voicemail.
can you please send video message to the groomsmen thread
i would like to message Darren a text via Messenger
Send a video message to Milo regarding dinner.
reply with a Facebook video message
Message Brain and tell him that the paperwork for the Smith house is needed.
can you record a video message for Hermina Ike Corrga please
Tell UPS to resend that tracking information
Send Nish a message asking which gas station she is currently working at?
text happy birthday to Zachary Fletcher and Sarah
send dad a text that i am home
i would like to message that video to Eric, Sarah, and Sarah
can you record a video message for Ronna Grew
Ask Mary for date and time for bonfire
text Robert and Sigourney that on my way
can you leave Thea Ludovici a video recording for now
video message Kamila
Message my family asking what restaurant are we eating at or dinner tonight
message a video message
message my sister that I can meet her at the family dinner tomorrow
Start video message
Can you please record a video message for Cohen
Record a video message for daughter.
reply with that Facebook video message
Could you message Tom to see where he'll be next week?
Video message to Christopher.
New message Hey, Deshan just called me
i would like to message Ned on Messenger that sounds good
please send the ping pong club group
Send this video message to John on Christmas day.
Ask Betsy how long the drive is from my house to hers
send Jennifer and Fred text
Advise Trish in the message to come prepared to Thursday's legal proceedings.
send that video to Gavin, Danny, and Tom
tell becky I do not have time for lunch today
Get my messages from the hiking club chat
can you send the cooking thread message
Tell Joel we will meet him at the Marcus Theater for the 11:15 show
Deliver my video message to Jill.
text Ella and Brieanna that happy new years
text my grandparent and tell him that is there anything youd like to eat when you get here
Message Chris asking to turn on the oven
i want you to record a video message for my friend Marlee
Send George a message that I will not be meeting him in the morning.
message Diana saying He is literally a suit full of chickens coming home to roost
Send a message to Darlene and ask if she can babysit tonight.
I wanna i would like to message video message to Filby on Messenger
record a video message for Ricardo
Send a message that my daughters appearing in a rock concert in Seattle on Bremerton Sunday 5 PM please RSVP
can you send it to Fred on WhatsApp
Reach out to Dave and tell him I will meet him at 4pm at Logan's.
Message Fred to see if he is going to still be an exotic dancer in Canada
start a video message
start video message to deb
Let Mike know that the soccer game has been post-poned
Let’s record a video  message.
i would like to message that video to the volleyball teammates group
tell James that the barbecue starts at 12 tomorrow
can I video message Finn
MESSAGE MY MOM TO MEET ME AT TIA MARIA FOR LUNCH
could I send a video message
Send a message to my sister Debbie that the Yankee tickets go on sale this week.
Tell Sally the party starts at 7 PM on Father's Day
Message Jen to find out if she still wants to go to the Garth Brooks concert.
Send a message to Identity Boutique asking what time they open tomorrow
send message to Rggie that i will be there by evening
I need you to send my son Talon a video message please
reply to the groomsmen group with video message
