Let the picture tell you how go this is. Two nights in the water tide to our dock in the lake..... I’d say something liked this. 
The grip bits are the hand portion of the glove .... The grip bits are the hand portion of the glove we're falling off left and right. I'm not exactly sure why but it was probably after about 10 hours of use is when I really noticed it and began to slide my hands easier. 
Never received the product. Never received the product 
Cheaply made!!!!. Broke in less than a week... Could not even return it... 
Did Not Hold UP. The aluminum on the back rest on this chair bent the second time I sat in it. It was useless after that. It is not a heavy duty chair. I would not buy this chair. 
Did not work as a band replacement for my Fitbit .... Did not work as a band replacement for my Fitbit Surge...the top band did not slide on the entire way. 
Signal mirror review. Very small almost too small but quality 
3 separate defects. This product is really loud! This broke on day 2. The base came apart and no way to snap it back together. The part where the cable plugs in came apart from its housing. I used blue tape. Next day, one of the two small wires from the cable housing (inside product) came loose. Have since bought another one and it’s super quiet and no issues. 
Bad. This was to replace my broken band. One side of this one doesn't fit exactly right, so it has a gap in it. 
Same description, different sizes. I ordered two of these with the exact same descriptions and logos. One was twice the size of the other. Not okay for my purposes. 
Band stays dirty and can't be cleaned. I wear my fitbit every day. Normal wear, desk job, run, nothing out of the ordinary. The band is extremely dirty and can't be cleaned. I tried cleaning it with everything and it's really dirty looking after only a month of wearing it. 
Does not blow hard enough.. Didn't move much dust in the keyboard or even just on the desk. 
Poor quality. Zipper ripped off within the first week. 
Frail!!!. Ripped in the wind, lasted one windy day only 
Crotch blew out first kneel. So during 2nd Rifle season, up in the Colorado mountains, on Day 6 of the hunt.. mother nature decided to gift us with ~8 inches of snow. Finally, I had the opportunity to try out my Frogg Togg's and pull them out of my ruck. For the first couple hours, standing up right and walking through the snow looking for elk tracks, they worked great. They kept my legs dry and provided an extra layer of insulation. Despite it being around 13 degrees, my legs and torso were fine and I actually overhearing if anything after about an hour of walking in the snow. Then, we get back to the camp site.... We decided to throw on the snow chains to the truck in case we got can animal and needed mobility to move it. I took my first knee in my brand new, first time ever worn Frogg Togg bottoms... and the crotch blew out. Talk about disappointment. Maybe I received a defective product? Manufacturer/Amazon seller, please let me know if this is true. Or, is taking a knee while wearing these just out if the question? I was wearing 1 layer of thin poly pro's, one pair of super thin athletic pants (ADIDAS), a pair of Carhart hunting pants bottoms, and then XXL Frogg Togg bottoms when this happened. I felt like I was swimming in my clothing and was not expecting the crotch to pop. I mean, I could understand if I was wearing a Large, maybe even a XL, but come on..it was a 2XL. Am I supposed to be rocking 3 or 4X in order to be able to perform a simple function such as taking a knee? In closing.. thankfully the top I have is in good shape and no issues so far. Buyers beware. At least for the pants... which is what you need most! if I wanted to only protect my top, I would have went with my poncho. 
Two right wrist wraps. The product is good however the company sent me two right wrist wraps. Which makes it very difficult to put on. My friend had ordered this product and didn't have any problems. I am unhappy with this. 
Broke after a couple of weeks. I ordered two of these, they look solid and I was hopeful they would hold up. Both broke within just a couple of weeks use. Disappointing and a waste of time and money. 
Worst experience ever on amazon I bought a table. Worst experience ever on amazon I bought a table, balls and an extra set of players , but days later they said they don’t ship to California ...... but just the table won’t be shipped, you’ll be stuck with the rest, and you will be charged when trying to return Costumer service is rude and very poor 
Poor quality. This was my second one in about 6 months, the first one broke (the plastic that allows the clock face to snap in, split apart). I re-ordered in hopes it was a fluke but the second one broke in the same way after only 3 weeks. 
Cheap!. This is terrible. Keeps falling apart. You can get better from the dollar store. 
Don’t like it!!!. I thought I will use for water so that i don’t have to use too many plastic bottles but it failed. It leaks all the time no matter how we set up. Don’t buy!! Not worth with price u pay. 
Not leather. Description: "leather cover", not leather. What a waste. Why publish an in accurate product description? 
Probably invest somewhere else. Bought for airsoft doesnt work even with have the loaded amount in their.. spring action is weak for 20$ 
... have used the black precut tape & it works fantastic. This red tape isn't very good & will .... I have used the black precut tape & it works fantastic. This red tape isn't very good & will not stick to my fingers while bowling. 
Leaks. Leaks around the lid. If you care about leaks do not buy. 
Lacking in features. I would put a sippie spout on the top lid. Its akward to have to have to undo the big top, drink then put it back. The tub also sweats a lot from condensation. Include a bottom with a sweat edge that will catch condensation in future models. 
Two Stars. Broke within the first week, 
Not good for walking and holding the handles at the same time. The motor cover projects too far over the treadmill itself and if you are walking and holding on to the handles it is too easy to trip over it. We had to return it to Amazon which has been an ordeal unto itself unfortunately. 
Nice bag but..... Starting to fall apart after a couple months 
I guess the stainless steel is poor quality.. It says that it is stainless steel, I used it on my boat just once, and went to use it again 3 days later, and it was already full of rust, I guess the stainless steel is poor quality.. 
Not waterproof.. Like the look. Can not figure out music function. Instructions are vague at best. 
Not what I expected.. It's lightweight, but a little larger in diameter than I expected. Doesn't work well in my water bottle holder on my bike, which is why I bought it. Return shipping was half the cost of the bottle, so it wasn't worth returning. There are better options available. Keep looking. 
Yuck. Keep our return?. Im still unsure. This package came in a bc destroyed box and the socks look le they've been worn. There's even some hairs on them. Ummm.... 
It's better the pillow was round. Not flat. Only dislike is the part you put your neck on it. That bother the neck 
Missing piece. I would give a higher rating, but when a product shows up with missing pieces(missing hand pad) it kinda puts a damper on everything else that went right. Shipping was quick, they fit & were good quality... but like I said, missing pieces. 
Cheap plastic. I caught a mouse, but it was really late at night so I was going to wait until morning to release it. However when I woke up in the morning, I found that the mouse had chewed it's way out. 
Two Stars. Like the gloves, comfortable, but I had to return due to a hole in a finger. 
it was great for about 3 days until the mag stop wore .... it was great for about 3 days until the mag stop wore down and now doesnt stay back when the clip is finished so you end up wasting a ton of air especially in full auto when this happens. Accuracy sucks even in single action. The sights are also off but I couldn't get a grouping for my life. My daisy powerline pistol is 30x more accurate but doesnt feel as real as this. Its a real shame Umarex doesnt recall these or answer you other than saying theres nothing we can do. 
You get what you pay for. It worked for about a day then broke. 
Too big for the Fitbit Blaze Frame. I really love the color and how light and stretchy the band is, however, this frame is too big and will not fit the Blaze. Comparing it to my other frames, it looks like its the same size, but my Blaze just falls right thru it, and there is no way it would ever clip to the frame.. Waste of time and money..... 
wow. I was disappointed about the size of these. I thought they were bigger than they are. 
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and after .... I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and after riding it a few times the lock bar broke and he was so upset. Too late to return since I bought it in August for Christmas. 
Projectile launcher almost took me out (broke on first use). So apparently the handles that attach to the resistance band are held in place by a little rubber ball inside the tube. Unfortunately, the ends of the tube are open. Why aren't they sealed shut? I tried doing one squat, as directed by the provided instruction manual, and the handle broke off and the little rubber ball shot into the floor and almost hit my foot. I'm 6'2" which isn't too freakishly tall imo and squats are in the guide book! This is a dangerous design flaw. 0/10 recommend! It might still work for the other exercises that don't stretch the band as far, such as half rep bicep curls, but I wouldn't risk it unless you like getting shot in the face ;) I'm sending this piece of garbage back asap and getting one of those cheap ones without the handles or the hidden bullets. 
I purchased these as a gift and upset that two .... I purchased these as a gift and upset that two of the lights are not working. I know they were inexpensive but I still expect them to arrive functioning. The other two that work are very bright and fit perfectly on my bike. 
Time will tell. Nothing fancy. Bought product due to price. Haven't caught anything yet. 
Glitchy. As far as accuracy, I’m not sure if this is or not but it quit working twice today and changed my body height and weight by itself and I started a timer for my workout and it didn’t even log it! Sending it back. 
Wrong color. They were orange not red. 
Not 2 pack. This says it is a 2 pack but I only got 1. Not clear if this was a mistake? 
Weak light. The battery life was ok. The adjustable function is great but the brightness sucked. I used two on a table for 8 outside and could still barely see 
interesting but not what I was looking for. I received a slightly tilted item. I thought this is how it was designed. It was better to hold like that as well, but later I saw that the main shaft is bent/damaged, and that's why there was the tilt. Also the material of the umbrella is not the best one. It should be water repellent or resistant, but it seemed like it was getting wet. 
Four Stars. It is good for the price, but not the best quality. you get what you pay for 
Very nice for the price. Very nice for the price. I have been fishing with them and they swim alright. A few don't swim well but overall they work. Still haven't caught a fish with them. 
Good deal. So far so good. Very reasonable price and I’m happy to have a band with a buckle rather than the original stupid clasp thing that wore out quickly and kept detaching. I’m a big guy and would’ve preferred a slightly longer band but it seems to be staying on.... otherwise would give 5 stars. 
So I read all the reviews so far so good. It is loud and the chain but I .... So I read all the reviews so far so good. It is loud and the chain but I prefer the noise over a cord that stretches out over time. I would at this point recommend it to others. I just need to check with my neighbor underneath me does he hear it I don't think so but my entire neighborhood is super quiet. Outside of that its great of course I wish there was more resistance but i'm going to buy wrist weights so boom arms good and I'm going to buy the plastic workout suit so I can really really sweat. But as a person who is Obese and has osteoarthritis in both knees this is a must have. 
COLOR IS OFF but it's potent. Holy crap this will go SUCH a long way. BE AWARE: this black is a blue-base (maybe even slightly green) and didn't end up matching the true black leather that I had. 
Great bag. Great bag works well plenty of storage 
Love the chair!. 250lbs of human in the chair has ripped the inside seam (where the seat and side wall come together). On both chairs. Otherwise, these are completely awesome chairs! I have repaired the rips, and just ask heavier folks to bring their own chairs, or use chairs that are already provided at the campsite (like where we are staying currently). 
Works. Size is a little off I should of got a small if your 30-32 get a small 
Just what I was after. This was basically exactly what I wanted. They are high quality and function how I would expect. Nice mix of classic look and features. The little tag to show what club the sock is intended for is perfect. 
Love the hat but they do not leave much room .... Love the hat but they do not leave much room for adjustment if you have a larger head! Will have to replace the velcro on the back to make it fit better. 
Works for my bait;. Made a live well for sardines and anchovies for pier / shore fishing. Ice chest + this kit + 12v marine battery kept my bait alive until i ran out. Remember to throw a 5 gallon bucket of ocean water in every half hour or so and you'll be fine. Slits in the PVC (water outlet) were a little narrow and had a tendency to clog with fish scales if i didn't clear them, so i opened up the holes a bit. Over all, not a bad buy; the other components were much more expensive, but this seems to hold up as long as you flush the pump when you get home. 
Pedometer accurate and heart rate pretty close. Battery about 2 days. Does as described. Pedometer accurate and heart rate pretty close. Battery about 2 days. 2 weeks in and still doing okay. The phone app could use some improvements. 
Hand muscle therapy. This hand exerciser is just what I needed since slightly injuring the muscles in my hand . Just by squeezing the metal coil I can feel it helping to flex that muscle. It's like instant therapy. 
Love it, and it's so beautiful. Love it, and it's so beautiful. But didn't give 5 stars because the seem could be neater. I'm hoping that it will hold up to repeated usage. 
Strong light with good build.. I haven't been able to use it tracking a critter yet. I have tested it in various "simulations" to ensure it will help me. I got it because I'm red/green color blind so I sometimes struggle picking up blood on it's own which is frustrating. I do feel this will help me greatly after testing it out. The strength of the light and overall build quality is excellent. I now keep it in my hunting pack at all times to help when the moment comes. 
Great value!. Very comfortable and sturdy. Great amount of compression! 
So, so. It does the job, but not as sturdy as we had hoped. We thought that we were getting a higher grade of metal, but it is what we ordered. 
Did not come in Color Pictured.. I suppose product color is irrelevant due to what the intended use of this product is, but I'm still a little salty. 4 stars. 
The flexibility of the mirrors is great. I had a difficult time fitting one of the two mirrors in my bike handle. One side fits ok, but I could not get the other one all the way in the other side. Other than that, it's a nice mirror. I love the fact that it's adjustable in many ways, which gave me the flexibility I need. And it looks good on my black bike. 
Great chair.. A little small but perfect for a ground blind. 
I like this item. I like this item, easy to set up and use. The only thing I don't like is trying to get it back in the bag. ugh I bought a golf mat too so I could use it in my hall. Would be nice if a mat was included. 
Great rings!. I need a half size smaller. Love the variety of rings I received . Very comfortable!!!! 
Four Stars. Fast delivery to Canada. Thanks 
Four Stars. Works but not as nice to turn and use to tighten. 
Great Value. This is a great discus for the price. 
Excellent Quality!!. This is a GREAT belt! I love everything about it and am really enjoying wearing it everyday. Really excellent quality. A+++ 
Awesome Clips. Great for the price, can't beat it. 
Extreamly high quality with maximum comfort fit. Extreamly comfortable material, very soft and form fitting. Doesnt even feel like its there 
Good buy for excellent quality. Excellent- good support for injuries. 
Great laces!. Recently bought three sets of these laces in different colors. Have replaced all of the tie laces in my sneakers with these and am very happy. They were easy to use and have eliminated that feeling of your shoes tightening as your feet swell throughout the day. Plus they make putting your shoes on and off so much easier. Of course they frayed after cutting them, but that is no big deal as they ends are entrapped in the end closure. Good bargain that this price. 
Really packable!. They advertise that you can roll the hat---and you can! 
Great product, I'm not a 5 star guy but this deserves it!. Very thick coated metal, easy assembly. Will definitely buy again if needed. 
Perfect bottle for me. This water bottle is exactly what I had been searching for. It’s lightweight, and it’s easy for me to take everywhere. It does not leak at all. I absolutely love this bottle! 
Amazing.. Good quality classes, bought them for my girlfriend. She loves them, the only complaint is the tint is lighter so don’t expect high sun deflection. 
Great cooling towels at a great price!. We bought these for a family trip to Lake Powell where summer daytime temperatures are regularly over 100. These cooling towels worked great to provide cooling relief from the heat. The multi-pack with 6 colors was great because everyone in my family got one and we could keep them straight. Highly recommended! 
nice, fashionable and easy to install. love the bands--will will order more colors-easy to install as well 
it's amazing. this is my first time to use banding .... it's amazing. this is my first time to use banding tapes like this, I am so lucky to find it works well for me. the tape really help to protect he joint tissue and relieve pains. and it lasts very long. I will definitely buy more. 
Keep on stepping!. This works great. I love the comfort of the band, it fits just right. It has been keeping me in track getting my daily steps in. I am shocked how much I wake up with the sleep app.. very enlightening 
Highly Recommend.. Just what I needed to sharpen my Arrow Broadheads. 
Notifies me. I have been looking for a low price smart watch, and I finally found one. It not only tracks fitness, and heart rate, but it notifies me when I have a call or text. Something that not all of the fitness watches do.. 
The perfect backpack for me. The perfect backpack for me. Allows me to carry a change of clothes,tablet and my laptop to and from work. I've also used it as a camera backpack. 
Great product. Works great as long as you dont submerge.... Great product 
It works very wel, please do not change it!!!!. I do not plan on using any other broad head until I cannot purchase these! They haven't let me down yet. 
beautiful and of good quality. Ring is big, beautiful and of good quality. 
Lots of storage. Used this while hiking and absolutely loved it. Very comfortable and easy to use. Held my phone, keys and two water bottles with plenty of space to spare. Material is a good quality and seems very durable. Would recommend to a friend. 
Well made resistance band. In my training program, resistance bands are often used not only for exercise, but also as part of the warm-up and relaxation stages, as well as for stretching and active work. 
Perfect for my hubby!. I was concerned that this might not fit my hubby’s bow. I reached out via message and got the help I needed to give a surprise gift that actually made my guy happy! 
NICE!!. These feel great! I was hoping the cut was lower, but they’ll be fine with long pants. 
Bigger than expected. Bigger than i expected. Great gift 
