interested in going to the first event
set my status as interested for Brickpalooza
RSVP maybe to this event
I might want to go to the second event
interested in going to Two Door Cinema Club
set my status as interested for Awakening You
Change my status to interested for the third event
interested in going to Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz with Nikkita Oliver
respond interested to Moon Viewing
rsvp maybe for the second event
mark me as interested for Digital Urbanisms Conference
respond maybe to Wolverine Recovery in the North Cascades
How many reminders do I have set up?
How many reminders are set for October 7th?
how many reminders do I have next week?
Find Juice WRLD covers.
Can you find and play Impreska, Vol 19 by Usher?
Is my reminder for tomorrow in the morning?
What time does the class reunion invitation reminder show?
when was my last exterminator reminder
When is my reminder to email Jon information?
What time is my reminder for the lunch date with my friends tomorrow?
Remind me when the number five shows up
Is the alert time for my brunch reminder set for an hour before?
What day is my vacation reminder?
Let me see when the reminder is set for the work meeting
Tell me when the state fair reminder is set for.
How long has Abigail been a nurse?
Did Tonya work at Chipotle before Google?
how long has judi been with tupperware?
Did Sara stay working at McDonalds all last year?
when did wendy start working for Microsoft
how long did Faye work for Kohls
How long has Sam worked for ABC Tech?
When did Ben start to work for Subway?
How long has Joe worked for Appen?
how long has sue worked at wctc
how long did marc work for westside appliance
When did Caesar finish Architecture career?
Play this song 3 times in a row
play this song for one hour
Keep playing the last song until I tell you to stop.
locate and play on repeat simple man by jensen ackles
I need Henry Smith's email now
Please give me Freddy's number!
Please get me Ken's email address
Get me Troy's tumblr name
I need to know Cory Brumfield's Twitch Username
Please skip to next song
don't want to hear this song please move forward.
This song is terrible, next?
Skip to the next artist.
Skip please
play the next track
skip the song please
Skip the next five songs
Play the next one
Skip this please
Skip track now
skip the song that is currently play
play the next song from the current album.
Favorite this track.
Give this a thumbs up
thumbs up this song
I love this song!
Give thumbs up
Who is the lead singer of this band.
What is the song called
Who am I listening to right now
who played the last song
What is the artist is this
What is this song that Spotify is playing?
who is featured in this song
What song is playing next?
what's the name of this artist
show the name of the singer for all songs
what are you playing for me?
What's the song that's playing on iHeartRadio at this moment?
Is this a cover?
What is this band currently playing?
When did this song come out
who's the singer?
On what album would I find this song
Whos playing this song
Remind me to finish the report by September 8th at 7pm.
remind me to call mom tonight at 5.
Remind me to put out the trash Tuesday night.
Set up a reminder for buying cat food.
Remind to make a counseling appointment
Set up a reminder to pick up Lilly from ballet in 3 hours.
create a reminder on august 30 that ozarks new season starts august 31
Set two reminders, one for one hour and another for three hours before the meeting.
Remind me of the soccer game that is today at 3pm.
Remind me to get eggs after work tonight.
Remind me to look for Linda's Facebook post about ceramics this afternoon.
create reminder about milk
remind me that i work tuesday morning and again thursday morning at 9am
Remind me to order Ellie's school supplies this week.
Remind me to send Dean's care package on the 20th.
Remind me to call grandma
Remind me to leave for my car emissions test at 7:30am on Friday.
set a reminder to me my dad on Thursday at 7 pm
Create a reminder for Uncle Bill to call Traci this Wednesday about the cottage.
set up a reminder at 12pm today
Remind me to prep the paintings for the exhibit on Friday, September 14 at 10amPT
Create a reminder for Mom that she has a doctor's appointment tomorrow.
Set a reminder for the Martin Family reunion 3 months before October 17th.
add picking up the cat's meds to my reminders for friday
can you alert me 15 minutes before today's baseball game at 630?
remind me to tell mom that john will be arriving late
ALERT ME IN 10 MINUTES TO LEAVE
Remind me to renew license plates
Set reminder to put out trash on Thursday
set reminder for tomorrow at 6 am
Remind me to book a car for our trip
Remind me to follow up with Suzie about the newsletter Friday afternoon.
Remind me to give puppy medicine
Remind me to pick up my vegetables and to clean them before putting them in the fridge.
Create a reminder for each one of my trips out of town next week to repack my suitcase
Set my reminder to pick up my sister
remind me to call sherry tuesday night at 7pm
remind me to visit eye doctor Monday morning at 11am
remind me to send flowers to my mom next mothers day
remind me that i have a dentist appointment one week prior
remind me to call vet on monday for scotts rabie shot
Set up a reminder for watering the plants.
Set up a reminder to pay tuition tonight.
I don't want to forget to watch the latest press conference
Remind me to call Nate tomorrow
remind my kids to buckle their seat belts before leaving the driveway
I need to call my grandma on Sunday set reminder for 9am
remind me to get extra food and treats for the dogs
Set up a reminder for Ashkin to do his homework.
Set reminder for swim meet for September 15th
Remind me to take my birth control.
Remind me to buy tickets for Smackdown the day before they go on sale
Remind me to email Urmila about the job opportunity
Please remind me for the next business meeting
Remind me to go pick up my prescriptions at 4:45PM next Wednesday.
Remind the band about the showcase on Saturday at 4 pm.
Remind me on the 3rd to transfer money from savings to checking.
remind me to transfer money from bank one to capital one before the electric bill is due on the 12th
Remind me to cancel my book club event for Wednesday
remember to call to cancel prescription for xm radio
i don't want to forget to file the bug reports
Send reminder about booking catering tomorrow
Remind me when it is 5 PM.
Remind me to leave for hair appointment at 10 am tomorrow.
Remind me to pick up the dry cleaning at 3:00 PM today.
Remind me to text mom the address to the party tonight.
Set a reminder to pick up a floral arrangement on Friday.
Remind the team we need all signatures in by Friday at 5
can you set an reminder for my sister to visit mom next friday 4pm
I don't want to miss the bus at 3 pm, can you send me an alter 15 minutes before
Remind me to pick up supplies after work.
I have reserved tickets for Superstar Rajnikanth's new movie, for Saturday, September 1st, and I want you to remind me about it.
Remind me to get dog food tomorrow.
remind me to set a reminder to be reminded
remind the team that the meeting is 11 am
Remind me to send paperwork to lawyer
Setup a morning reminder for Brody to brush his teeth before school.
I need to set up a dentist appointment. Can you remind me to call tomorrow?
Remind me to send Alex his present this Wednesday.
Remind me to make an appointment with the optometrist next month for annual checkup.
Impratical Jokers tickets go on sale tomorrow, could you remind me tomorrow at 9am?
Remind me to clean litter box.
Remind me to book a hotel reservation in Conway Arkansas
Set a reminder to send my rent money at 8 am tomorrow morning.
Set reminder for dentist for 4pm on Monday
I double-booked myself for Saturday; please remind me to cancel one of the activities the day before.
Remind me to call Tina today at 5PM.
Remind me to make chicken dip for the watch party tomorrow.
Add a reminder to do laundry
Can you remind me to join the discord group at 5pm?
hey will you remind me to not get my mom a sweater for next christmas
Remind me to enter billable hours
Remind Mom and Dad to leave at 3pm and alert them 30 mins beforehand.
Remind me to go workout
Remind me on September 19 that I have to get ready for Valerias party on September 21
set reminder to wish Alex
Remind me to buy cat food tomorrow
Can you remind me that I have to feed Lucy's dog on saturday and sunday at 7am
set a reminder to take cake out in 30 minutes
Remind me to call my dad in 1 hour.
add a reminder to my calendar about Erin's birthday on Aug 21st
Remind me to tell Angie  I am bringing the salad for bible study on Friday
Remind me to clean room tonight at 6pm.
Remind me to schedule an appointment with Dr. Jones for anytime next week
set up a reminder for lunch on tuesday
Remind Coty that I work tomorrow at 4.
Remind me to pick up dry cleaners Friday night.
Remind me at 8pm on Friday for Landry to take round 2 of her medication.
reminde me take my  meds at 12am today
Remind me to get on Family chat tonight.
Remind me to check the bank at 3pm
Remind Jimmy that he does not have football practice on Thursday.
remind me to buy toothpaste tomorrow
Can you remind me complete Lesson 3 for Anatomy at 6pm on Thursday?
add an event reminder for next saturday for janice babyshower
Remind myself and Marques to buy season tickets to the Cavs on March 20th of next year.
Set up a reminder at 7 pm on Thursday for work engagement
Remind me of Krista's birthday tomorrow morning at 9
Remind Andy to send flowers to his mother
Remind me to wake up at 5 today
Set up reminders for all of my appointments next week one day ahead of time for each
Remind me to mail care package to Ramon on Tuesday.
start reminder for 45 seconds
Remind me to go to eye doctor tomorrow at 1 pm
I have to respond to Elon's post on Facebook that he tagged me in, please remind me of this tonight.
Could you set a reminder for my dentist appointment Saturday at 2?
Create a reminder for my  hair appointment at 3 on Friday
Set a reminder to record Grey's Anatomy on thursday
Remind me to email my doctor before tomorrow
Remind me about the meeting on Monday.
Send the crew a reminder about the meeting at 5
Remind me to watch Big Brother at 8 pm on Sunday
Reminder to make dentist app for myself for next week
Remind Mike to finish all the paper work one day before Saturday 7pm.
Remind me to set my DVR to record Big Brother when I get home at 6:30 this evening.
set reminder for mother to get a spare house key made.
Remind me to call my mom tonight at 8pm.
Remind me to call my grandpa tomorrow night at 7pm.
Remind me to cancel my eye appointment and reschedule
Remind me that my doctor's appointment is tomorrow at 10 am.
Remind me to cancel the appoitment
Set a reminder for my brothers graduation get together event on Saturday this week.
remind me to buy pet food
Reminder: Movie starts at 4:30 pm
Remind George to buy a birthday present for Uncle Sam in time for his party.
Remind me to research for my podcast on Sunday.
remind me to advise sarah i will be attending her party on tuesday at 8:00
Remind Shannon and Ayslyn to leave at 10am; alert them 15 min before.
Remind me to change my alarm from 7 am to 6 am for next Monday
Remind me to take a power nap in 30 minutes.
Reminds me to have coffee with Sandy next Sunday morning
Remind me of my best friends birthday
Remind Chris and Brian to leave at noon and alert them one hour ahead of time.
remind me to pick up a present for Winnie's party on 8/26 at noon
Set up a reminder to wake up at 11pm.
Remind to catch the eclipse this week
Set up a reminder to Skype with my mom later on tonight.
Remind me to return library books on Tuesday afternoon.
remind me to start chicken at 2 pm
remind me to reschedule dinner when i get to work
set reminder to add ingredient
Remind me to give the dogs their flea medicine tonight
I HAVE TO LEAVE AT 5PM TODAY, ALERT ME 20 MINUTES BEFORE.
Remind me to set up appointment?
Remind me of doctor's appointment at 9 AM on August 6.
Reminnd me that I should be nice
Remind me 2 days before my next game to buy snacks.
Remind me to study tonight
Remind me the night before my doctors appointment on Friday
Remind me to charge my Kindle.
Remind me to pay my credit card on Wednesday at 5 pm.
Remind me to ask Duane to borrow his tools to assemble my new scooter.
Set a reminder for 2 hours and 50 minutes from now.
Set a reminder to organize my yoga journals next week on Thursday.
set up a reminder for dinner with husband tonight at 6pm
Set up a reminder 2 weeks from now that school starts
Remind me to have Josh to call the power company on Thursday before 3:00 PM.
Remind me to call Terry and ask him to feed the horse.
remind me to tell Barbara about that sign up for tonight
Set up a reminder to attend my cousins wedding Friday afternoon.
Remind me to leave for work at 9 tomorrow morning.
Set up a reminder to message Mike at 7pm tonight.
tell me to start the bread at 12pm tomorrow
Create an event on facebook  for  house party on Sunday, add family members too.
Remind me to pick out a birthday gift for Rob this weekend.
Remind me about birthdays one week before the date.
Remind me tomorrow to call Don about helping with his drywall completion.
Remind me to set up a conference call between me, Sharon and Ian this Wednesday at 11am.
Set a reminder to watch Scandal tonight
Remind me to call mom to check on status of Aunt Ophelia's hip surgery.
remind me of my doctors appointment at noon
Remind me to FaceTime Dad at 7 tonight.
Set up a reminder to make doctor's appointment for next week
can you remind me to call the bakery and have them make a cake
remind me to check in on Mom today
Remind me to meet Tim for a meeting today at 5pm.
I want to create a group reminder for everyone who's in the neighborhood for the BBQ.
remind me to reserve a table at the moose yard sale Friday
Remind me thank John for the gift at 7pm tomorrow.
remind me to purchase drinks when i get gas
Set reminder for John's birthday.
Please could you remind me to walk the dog
Set a reminder for me to pick up my dry cleaning on Wednesday at 8am.
Set reminder to return movie rental.
Remind me to call Ben in 30 minutes
Remind me of my next dentist appointment two days before
Set a reminder that I have a doctor's appointment on Friday at 2 PM
remind me to workout at noon
Remind me to set the DVR to record Big Brother tonight
Remind Caitlyn to collect our mail for the next two weeks.
Remind me to check the mail in 10 minutes.
Remind me to call mom at 8 tonight.
remind me to put passports in my wallet
Remind me to take out the chicken tomorrow morning
Remind Alyssa that she has Pep Squad practice after school on August 28th; send a notification 10 minutes before.
The location of the pool party has changed to Conrad's house.  Remind me to tell everybody.
Please remind me that I need to boil the rutabaga.
Can you remind me to set the kids clothes out tonight?
create a new reminder to call my hair dresser on friday
I need to remember to buy chicken feed today.
Remind me to check out Field Agent tomorrow morning.
Set a reminder for choir rehearsals for October and November.
Remind me to walk dog at 7pm today.
remind me to floss my teeth tomorrow morning
Remind me to call my sister tonight at 8pm today.
need reminder for buying fathers day card
Remind me that I need to send my bank account information to Mary Duke before the week's end.
Send me a reminder on Tuesday at noon to see John as soon as possible
set a reminder to call my husband and remind him of our reservations
Remind me to leave early tomorrow
Set a reminder to call Sheila at 9pm on Friday.
I need you to set a reminder for me to call HR at 3 today
Remind me to schedule an appointment
Remind me to turn off the lights
Remind me to pack my lunch for tomorrow.
set up a reminder to remind me to book my fastpasses at 7am tomorrow
Remind me to finish that Excel document for Amina for next week.
remind me to grab paperwork  before leaving the office
Remind me to update my website on Friday.
Remind me to pick up Carmen for workout class on Wednesday this week.
Remind the church group this Saturday monring to bring the clothes and coats to be passed out.
Remind me to phone the dermatologist on Monday for yearly check-up.
Can you set a reminder for my eye appointment on August 15th at 2 PM?
will you remind me to pick up Jenny the newspaper on monday
Snooze alarm
snooze this alarm for one hour
I wanna snooze the alarm to give me 15 more minutes sleep
snooze alarm for 3 minutes
Hit snooze.
Set my snooze for 5 minutes
Alarm snooze for half an hour
snooze alarm 8 minutes
Set the alarm to snooze.
Snooze alarm for another 15 minutes
Snooze the alarm for ten minutes.
make alarm snooze for an hour
Can we snooze this alarm for half an hour please.
Pause alarm for 10
Snooze my alarm for 6 minutes please
Pause slow cooker alarm for 5 mins.
Snooze for another 40.
5 more minutes of rest
pause alarm for 19 minutes
Snooze the next alarm for 10 minutes
shuffle Hitstory
Shuffle the new Kings of Leon album, please.
Shuffle on
shuffle my country playlist
shuffle songs by the collection
open iHeartRadio and play The First Five on shuffle
CAN YOU SHUFFLE ALL GENRES OF MUSIC
Shuffle songs by Katy Perry.
open iHeartRadio and play Pure Southern Soul on shuffle
pause this playlist
Pause the track
can you pause my spotify
Pause the song please
resume my timer for ten minutes
carry on my timer
resume timer in 30 minutes
Resume the stopwatch
resume timer chess study
continue on with the timer
Continue timer for cooking
Resume timer in 20 minutes.
Resume timer in 15 minutes
Please resume timer in 10 minutes
please resume the vegetable timer
Find music by Adele
I want to listen to AC/DC please
Please play 'Play that Song' by Train on Pandora
I want to hear Daniel Caesar's latest album
Please play Drummer Boy by Pentatonix
Change to salsa music.
Play a little German Hip-Hop music
Play Colors by Halsey on Pandora
Play some David Garrett
please play my favorite playlist
play hip hop songs
play a kpop playlist
search for a specific music
spotify play drake's newest album
I want to hear classical music.
I want to hear Taylor swift
play pop
spotify play hasan's hip hop playlist
Play Steppenwolf
play some 2015 rap music
can you play a country music song
Play a different playlist
i want to hear Lonestar 92.5 on iheartradio
Play Depeche Mode, Black Celebration
Kid friendly music
open Spotify and play In The Lonely Hour (Deluxe Edition)
please play a r&b radio station on pandora
Play me sublime radio
Open my Spotify playlists
I want to listen to Chris Brown's last album
play WNBC on iheartradio
play mariah carey's greatest hits
Find the hit song of the week in the dance category
play A Day To Remember on iheartradio
iheartradio 981 K D D
play the band Lil Uzi Vert
Pop playlist.
play rock and roll
I need good dance music for my guests
play lana del ray's top hits playlist
Can you play some country music?
Play something like Upchurch
Play Money on Pandora
play ME! (feat. Brendon Urie of Panic! At The Disco) on iHeartRadio
play stressed out
start playing Major Lazer Essentials
play Nine Track Mind Deluxe on Spotify
can i hear the album rumours by fleetwood mac
play Luke Combs on google play music
play out loud
please play me some pop music
play whitney houston's 2nd album
Play jazz music.
CAN YOU PLEASE PLAY NINE INCH NAILS ON SPOTIFY?
pull up music library
play the best pop station
play me the Beatles on Pandora
i want to listen to indie.
turn on the music
play the song
play Stevie Wonder - Number Ones - Dutch Edition on Spotify
Pandora Shakira playlist
can you play 105.1 on iheartradio
play the album The Fame (Revised International Version) on iheartradio
Play the first song Taylor Swift ever recorded
I enjoy jazz music on pandora.
play the album Hitstory on iheartradio
play Amy Winehouse
Play some Foo Fighters.
Can you play any Zedd song?
play Limited Edition Collectors Box on Pandora
play me someone like Chance the Rapper
Play some top 40 music
play Marvin Gaye on iheartradio
I want to listen to Hollywood Undead.
I want to listen to brass band music.
Please play me the latest album by the Original Broadway Cast of Hamilton
Can I listen to Sexy Back by Justin Timberlake?
Turn on Bruno Mars.
I wanna jam to some Toby Keith!
play new songs from Kiss
Play the soundtrack to Titanic
Put on an artist similar to Chance the Rapper
play The Cure on iheartradio
I want to listen to Broadway music
Find popular 80s goth playlists
Put on my 80's station on Pandora
PLAY RAP MUSIC.
I like the current songs, find some similar songs
Please change station to Queen now
play my 2016 playlist
Find the latest Kelly Clark song.
Play alternative rock
Tell Pandora to play With Arms Wide Open
I want to listen to classic rock.
Can I hear the acoustic version of this song?
I want to listen to Dan + Shay
Play a song from another playlist
Play Hide.
Play the Afrobeats station on Pandora
only play up beat songs
play my disco playlist followed by my 80's playlist
play Leave Me Alone the song
Play R&B hits
I want to listen to 70s music
Play Beastie Boys Sabotage
Please play only Dave Matthews Band.
Play Close To Me by Tory Lanez
I want to listen to I Surrender by Hillsong
play the song Firestorm
play some classic rock music
Play Jay Z's 444
open iheartradio and play WCBS.
Play Bob Dylan on google play music
play the 1956 Star Trek: Discovery
Chanson a texte station
play all Stones albums on pandora
play a indie rock playlist.
Play the album Without Me from Tim McGraw
Play Kesha's new album
play  jayz latest ablum
Please play the top 100 songs of all time
Do you have Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
play Live Your Life (feat. Rihanna) on iHeartRadio
Play pop music on Spotify
Play a kid's song.
Play J cole
play The Complete Collection on Spotify
please play Hilary Duff old music
Please play Smashing Pumpkins
I want to listen to seventies top hits
Turn on NPR
find karaoke version of amy winehouse songs
Find me a hip hop playlist
unmute this song
play the top Pop hits
Play any Taylor Swift song.
I'm in the mood for some R&B
I'd like to hear some Baroque Pop music.
Play all the songs by Bruno Mars
Play all tracks from Led Zeppelin
Please put on 'Big Poppa' by B.I.G.
I want to listen to Johnny Taylor's song called These Last Two Dollars.
please play yo yo ma on pandora
open my dinner time playlist
play 80 play list
play 1350 radio
Play the best solo artist for last year
play The Complete Greatest Hits (Remastered) on iHeartRadio
Spotify, Play Miguel
play Taste the album
Please play The Eagles
Please play Stay With Me by Sam Smith.
Queue up some Bruno Mars
Show me results for "Classic rock"
I want to listen to Wale's album
Play some Elvis for me
play Polish Pop music
Play the first album by the Beatles.
Pull up American Idiot by Green Day.
Play the ABC song
play the dance list
find music for kids
Can you find the oldies station
Play me some Joshua Radin
Only play rock right now.
Play Meek Mill on google play music
Please play gypsy punk
Put on some alternative music
Play Khalid music
Play popular club music
play water under the bridge adele
Play Here With Me by Justin Timberlake
play ghostin by The Rolling Stones
iheartradio WMXD
Play me some smooth jazz
Change the reminder that says get gas
Modify tomorrow's wake up reminder for my daughter.
make my cell phone reminder reoccurring
update the reminder for my Mom's birthday party
i need to change the reminder i have set for the game next week
Can you update reminder to bring John home from work Wednesday
Remind me where is my appointment
What is the address of the meeting in tomorrows reminder?
Show where we are supposed to meet in the reminder for 18th.
Show me where my lunch reminder is for ..
show the location of the reminder for grandparents 50th anniversary party
repeat all music off
End call with grandson
Hang up on my parents
Bring the call to a stop
end call with sisters
stop call
I'd like to end this call.
please disconnect call
cut off hey portal
stop calling ira Gonzales
Stop call now
Please hang up the current call I am on with Lily.
hang up Fran
End call with Mary.
Stop conversation
Wait, don't call
Cancel the call, please
Call end
hang up on Mathias
I'm finished this call now.
I need to stop the call
call ended
This call is finished
Hurry up and end the call before I receive an overage charge
wait no, cancel the call
hang up Chauncey L Filburn
Fix the reminder I have to take the dogs to the vent from 4pm to 5pm.
Move the reminder about float decorating from tonight to next Sunday
Change all birthday alerts to 4 pm.
Change phonecall reminder to 3 pm CST instead of 3 pm PST.
Change the time of my phone meeting reminder for tomorrow to 2pm.
I need you to change my meeting reminder on Thursday at 4 to Friday at 5 for this week.
Change Alan's reminder's time to 8 am tomorrow morning
Switch my reminder about the washing from today to tomorrow.
Switch my reminder for laundry to Saturday
Change our date night reminder to this Saturday night at 7pm.
Change all reminders for tomorrow's events to occur at 12noon.
im not going grocery shopping today,  change my reminder to 3pm tomorrow
Update my reminder for Melin's grooming to 10am.
move the alarm reminder from 4am to 5am
Update reminder meet Monica for lunch at 12pm to 1pm.
Edit the reminder I have for going to the doctor from 3pm to 2pm.
alter emily's dental reminder to 1 pm please
Remove my weekend reminders and transfer them the next weekend
Change my reminder to call Danielle from 6 to 7
Update Mom's reminder to 6 pm
While I need to keep the destination in the reminder for Monday, change the time to 3 pm
Change volleyball tryout reminder for tomorrow
Change my reminder alert for mail to 3 pm.
Change the reminder alert to 8 am
Change reminder to wash hair tomorrow.
Change my reminders involving Tony to next week please
move all of todays reminders to tomorrow
Adjust the notification I have set for all reminders to 10 minutes
My status is available
tell everyone that i am available
Display availability
Setting my availability as available
Show me as available
make me available to john
I am reachable
open availability
I'm available at the moment
have my status reflect available
I am available now
accessible now
Who video messaged me 10 days ago?
who messaged me who is that
DId anyone text me via Messenger
did anyone send me a video message yesterday?
who messaged me on Facebook
Send that theater event to Bailey
Send Comic Con to Mary
Send this games event to Matthias
Share that first event with Beckett
Share Paws to Party with Kira
Is anyone I know going to Demonology 101?
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Demonology 101?
Who's going to Po' Boy Pop-Up?
Who's going to Free Intro to Reiki?
Are any of my friends going to Feast of San Gennaro?
Who's going to Katja Petrowskaja: A Family Story Between Memory and Forgetting?
what  ingredients do is have left
What temperature is french fries cooked at
How long do I bake a pound cake
What is in chicken soup
What's the nutritional value of parsley leaves
what's in a burrito
How long does milk last
what is in an enchilada
What kind of mushrooms should I pair with my sirloin steak
What temperature should cookies be baked at
How many calories are on the brown rice
ingredient list for blueberry muffins
How many cups of flour to make a small pizza
How much water goes in smoothie
What ingredients are in Beef Wellington
at what temperature do you cook baked chicken at
What temperature for a chocolate cake to back at
How long do I bake chicken for
how hot should oil be for frying fish
How long should I bake chicken in the oven
What is the nutrition info for chicken
What goes into a lasagna
What do I add to lasagna
what temperature is a steak at medium rare
how many eggs do I need for a chocolate cake
What is the final cooking time for pork
How many calories are in a red velvet cup cake
how many tsp of salt are in a cake
How to saute mushroom
how many carbs in a slice of cheese pizza
How many carbs are in a cup of brown rice
How do I braid dough
How do I pan-fry a medium rare steak
How many calories are in a pound of chicken breast
I want to know the ingredients for tomato bisque
How hot should my grill be before grilling a steak
How many cups of flour do I put in the batter
What ingredient makes cookies soft
What's the best way to fry chicken
How many calories are in a bagel
what's the best way to cook chicken
To heat up precooked lobster what is the best method
How long do I boil broccoli
What is pesto made from
how many quarts of milk do I need
What ingredients do I need for chicken and mushrooms?
pico de gallo ingredients
how many servings in 10 cups of rice
How long with the recipe take from preparation to cooking
What's the difference between butter and margin
How to press garlic
Is there any meat or animal byproducts in this recipe
how many cheeses is put in lasagna
how long do you cook pasta for
What type of cheese would I use to make pizza
What oven temperature do I cook potatoes
what is the ideal temp for chicken
How many cans of pumpkin are needed for pumpkin pie
How do you cook a whole turkey
how much pepper in this recipe
how do I cook beans
how to cook the best veggie burger
How long do I bake the chicken
What temperature should I bake a cheese pizza at
How long should I cook a whole 20 lb. turkey
What vegetables do I use in stew
How do you zest a lemon
how many calories does an apple has
calories in parmesan
What temperature should I bake a pizza at
What temperature should I bake potatoes at
How much sugar is in a can of coke?
How much sugar to add to Chocolate Chip Cookies
How many calories are in a soft taco that has sour cream on it
How many calories are in a slice of Red Velvet cake?
how much butter do you need to bake a cake
what temperature is pizza cooked at
how fast should chicken cook
how many calories in an egg
How long to cook baked chicken breast
How to cook salmon on the grill
Let's go over the ingredients for chocolate chip cookies
How to cook a steak medium rare
How long does chicken take in a crockpot
what temperature is medium rare for steak
What ingredients are in pesto sauce
how many calories are there in a slice of apple pie
the ingredients for sloppy joe
what are the ingredients for vanilla cake
What are the ingredients for  Vietnamese Pho
How long do I cook chicken breast
how many eggs do i need for an omelett
How do I cook hamburgers enough without burning them
what ingredients are in seafood lasagne
What temperature do you fry chicken
How much flour is needed for this cherry pie recipe
what is the proper temperature to cook chicken to
how long does it take for a turkey to bake
what's in nutella
what temperature is a medium rare steak
How many calories are in rice
How many calories are in one serving of Costco's chicken bake
what temperature is best for making baked potatoes
How long does this recipe bake for
what temperature should you use to cook lasagna
How much protein is in tofu
how long should I bake chicken for
how do i cut an avocado
how long does it take to make cottage cheese
what ingredients are in vegan friendly sour cream
Which fruit is the healthiest?
How many calories are in hash browns
What temperature is necessary for roasted root vegetables
How many calories is in chocolate ganache
how long do you cook pasta
How do you fry okra?
How many slices of pizza in a large pie
tell me the ingredients of chop suey
What ingredients are in chicken and dumplings
What temp is the best for cooking a roast
what are the ingredients in homemade vanilla ice cream
How much fiber is in whole wheat flour
How should I broil salmon
How many scoops of coffee for each glass of water
what is the temperature beef is cooked at in the oven
How do I knead bread dough
How many calories are in powdered sugar
how many calories are in peach cobbler
What goes in a pot pie
Which is better to cook eggs, milk or cream?
How long should I cook pork for pulled pork
What temperature to bake a cake
What is the rice to water ratio
What temp is chicken done at
how many carbs are in a PB and J
How to separate a egg yolk
how to tell if pasta is done
What is the difference between Taro and Ube
At what temp do I bake the cake
What are the ingredients of Pad Thai
How much sugar do I put in lemonade
how many calories in a calzone
How to bake bread
How many calories in cream cheese
What temperature do you preheat the oven for pizza?
How much sugar does pound cake have
Ingredients for chicken pot pie
What is the ideal temperature for medium rare beef
how many carbs are in a grilled cheese
Can you tell me the ingredients for pork roast
What's the best cooking method for these burgers
What are the ingredients for vegetarian quiche
What foods have b12
ingredients for garam masala
How much milk is needed when baking a standard cake
what temperature is chicken cooked at
Where did Michael Jackson die?
Is John married yet?
Is Nick Foles married?
I don't like this song. Turn it off.
unlike this track right now
I do not like that song and do not want to hear it
Please cancel all alarms set for Sunday.
Get rid of all alarms
Clear all alarms.
cancel med alarm
Delete all wake up alarms
Delete Fridays alarm
cancel that alarm actually
Cancel all alarms.
Delete all alarms
cancel every single alarm that has been set
delete this alarm
Delete tomorrow's alarm
All alarms after 3pm need to be deleted
All alarms will need to be deleted.
please delete any set alarm times
going to Grilled Cheese Grand Prix
mark me as going to Bark in the Park
rsvp yes to Dia de los Muertos
I want to go to to Candidates Forum
I want to go to the fourth event
rsvp yes to TEDxSeattle
going to Bands on the Bayfront
I want to go to to Children's Fest
rsvp yes to the third event
save this song to my good playlist
Add this to a new playlist
Save to my office playlist
Add this track to kiddos playlist
Has Angelika Kratzer video messaged me?
show me video messages from Atlas
Has Lila Kiritsy sent me any messages?
display my messages from my friend
Have Eric and Lauren messaged me today
Have Ella and Zachary Fletcher messaged me today
let me see my video messages from my dad Dylan
Did Lua message me yesterday?
Read the messages from yesterday.
Did MJ text me today?
lets see my texts from Adriel
Show me video messages from my parents
let me see texts from Adelina
lets see messages from Valeria
Has the college friend thread sent me anything
Has my parents sent me anything
Has Lorenzo messaged me?
Has the office group messaged me in the last week
let me see video messages from sister Maeve
Show me text messages from Paul via WhatsApp
Get my text messages from AJ and Alex
Show me text messages from Steve via WhatsApp
display video messages from my cousin Fernando
Show me messages from Em via WhatsApp
grab my texts from kid Ryker
what are my messages from Maggie
display my texts from Bella
lets see my texts from my aunt
Get my video messages from Steve, Jeannine and Liz
let me see my messages from my wife Maximilian
Can you read all my new messages?
Find a message from my daughter last week.
Show me all my unread messages.
Has Emily M. Bender sent me anything?
Show me video messages from my siblings
lets see messages from my sibling Journee
Get my text messages from Ted and Steve
Get my messages from Steve and Bill
have i received any messages from my aunt this week?
Display messages from my parents
let me see video messages from my grandson Adeline
what are texts from my wife Finley
Any new messages
Has cousin Katie sent me any messages in the past month?
Tell me some events happening tonight in Seattle
Find me tennis matches in Seattle this month
Are there any sports games in May
Any events on Christmas day
fairs happening in ann arbor next week
what is happening tonight
Newyear activities
what's going on in Roanoke this weekend
What should I do in Philadelphia tomorrow night
Concerts in Seattle this weekend
Things to do in Venice Beach today
On Friday night what music events are happening in Alachua
Any baseball matches tomorrow night
Things going on in Des Moines
Where can I find live music performances in Chicago next week
I want to see dog-friendly events in Des Moines
What's happening in Chicago this weekend
Anything to do tonight
Are there any rugby games next month in Glendale
Any cool events in downtown Silver Spring for the weekend
events happening in kona tonight
Events in Seattle for this Friday
Is there any events happening in Dallas
Things to do in Orlando
concerts in knoxville in december
Parties in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve
Can you get more events similar to this please?
Any things to do in Bay ridge tonight
Anything to do tomorrow in Braintree
anything to do in Portland tonight
recommend events that are popular
Is there something to do on Friday
What's happening in downtown OKC tonight
what is there to do tonight
anything happening today
Looking for something fun in South Lake Tahoe for next weekend
what parties are there in new york tonight
things to do in San Diego
things to do in nyc today
parties tonight
broadway plays playing in 2018 in New York City
what's happening next month in Cleveland
give me the time for the upcoming movies
Is there something fun happening today
Recommend some sports events happening next weekend in Islip
what can i do tonight in santa monica
Tell me about things to do in Atlanta on New year's Eve
Things to do in Ithaca this week
Show me some more music concerts
Tell me about movies opening this weekend
What's going on tonight in Hartford Connecticut
what's happening this weekend in Orlando
Whats happening in Dallas tonight
Concerts in New York this week
Anything to do next weekend
events saturday
walking tours in New Orleans
Things to do next Thursday in Georgia
I'm trying to find something to do in Atlanta tomorrow
Festivals in Raleigh this weekend
where to have fun in Long Beach California Saturday night
whats going on in grafton this weekend
What's going on next weekend
Sporting events in Mesquite this Saturday
things to do in portland tonight
What is going to happen in Miami this weekend
List some fun things to do in Schertz on Saturday
What movies come out next week
What action movies are opening this week
What movies are showing
Whats happening Friday
Is there an Art Festival this weekend
Fun stuff to do this weekend
During December what is there to do in Northern Utah
Best things to do this weekend
What is happening tonight
What events in New York next week
things to do in kent next month
concerts on Sunday
any good parties this weekend in hollywood
Whats the deal with the event on sunday
Art shows in San Francisco for tomorrow
Anything exciting going on in New Hope this weekend
is the event canceled from the fires
Events going on tomorrow
what's happening in Kansas City tonight
Any sports events happening today
get some events that are family friendly
Music events happening in Atlanta next month
Things to do in Chicago on Thanksgiving
Comedy shows this week
music concerts happening in ann arbor this week
What events are happening in Newport this weekend
Things to do in Ithaca this weekend
are there any concerts in Tampa on the 8th of December
What events are occurring
Music events in Seattle for this Friday
Opera shows happening tonight
Concerts in Omaha
What events are going on downtown
Live music events
What's happening in Pensacola today
Events in Denver
Recommend me some events for this month
What's happening in Houston
I'm bored what's happening tonight
what is going on this fourth of july in beaverton oregon
events next week in san francisco
Any live music tonight
parties in san francisco during the month of december
Comedy events in California
Things to do in North Macon next weekend
What should I do today
Things to do in Juneau next week
Pierce County Fair
What's happening in Gresham this weekend at night
Movies this weekend in Erie
What is going on tonight in Toronto
Are there any music events coming up in the next week
FUN EVENTS ON SATURDAY NIGHT
Events happening around the end of the month in Atlanta
What volleyball games are coming up in September
What is happening in Dallas next weekend
Whats going on tomorrow night
Times of the important events today in St Augustine
What is there to do in NYC Saturday night
Any concert events Friday in Orlando
Job fairs downtown in the next two months
What to do in Orlando
Are there any events going on after midnight on Saturday
Do I have any events for next Friday
Cool parties to attend this weekend
Outdoor activities this weekend
Events tomorrow
Whats up in LA this week
Concerts in Macon
What are the various events in NYC on new years eve
Any fun events in Tucson this weekend
theater events toronto this weekend
What is the coolest event to go in New York this weekend
i'm bored help me find something to do today
Music events this weekend on Jax Beach
What's happening in Miami FRiday Night
whats going on in Memphis tomorrow
Hold all calls.
hold this call
When did Sam get his diploma?
When did Sam start univesity?
when will Josh graduate?
When is Anna finishing her school?
When did Briana graduate college?
How long was Bill Gates in college?
When did Amber finished her graduation?
When did Piers start at Mt. San Jacinto College?
When did David begin attending Boston University?
When did Lena start going to Miami Dade College?
Maricopa County weather forecast for this week
Tell me how's the rainfall today ?
can i get a maritime forecast
Is there rain forecasted in Panama City, FL next week?
Australia's forecast, thanks.
what is the weather like in Charlotte
when is it going to rain
Will we get a frost this week?
How hot is it in Houston tomorrow morning in degrees f
What is the weather like over Christmas?
Will it be around 11 degree Celsius in Dehli tomorrow morning
What time will it rain in Seattle on Monday?
Show me the hour by hour temperature changes throughout the day
Tell me the weather for 1300hrs on Monday
is it going to rain tomorrow morning
will it be humid tomorrow
What's next week weather in Vegas
What are the weather conditions in Chicago on Tuesday
will it snow today?
is it going to snow tonight?
what is the percentage of rain for today?
SHOULD I TAKE AN UMBRELLA TODAY?
What is the temperature going to be tonight?
Will it rain tomorrow?
Give me the forecast for Belfast
Can you check if it's there's any sunshine tomorrow?
What's the weather outside right now?
What is he weather outside like right now
Give me the weather forecast for Christmas in Tallinn
Weather in South America in November
Is it below 26 in degree C menlo park tomorrow morning
How is the weather looking on the 11th June in Janalli in the morning?
What is the weather like in Colorado this time of year
How's the weather gonna be on Thursday?
Are there going to be clouds today?
How cold is it going to get this week?
Will it snow on Christmas Eve?
Will I need a sweater tonight?
How much rain should I expect today
How much rain did we get last night
What time is it going to snow tomorrow?
Temperature using Fahrenheit
Do I need my winter coat in November in New York?
is it still hazy in Seattle?
Could you tell me the weather of Colorado?
How hot is it at Manila today degrees Fahrenheit
What is the surf advisory?
What's the humidity
What is the weather in Seattle this morning
what is the humidity today
will i need sunglasses today
Temperature tomorrow at Beijing Celsius
How warm is it near Dublin tonight in degrees celcius
What is the weather at 11pm?
Is there a chance for tornadoes this weekend?
Wind advisory for today
Should I bring sunscreen with me?
Which day of the week at the least chance of storms
whats the weather today
what is the percentage chance for rain?
rain chances for Orlando tomorrow evening please?
is hail in the forecast for Waco
When is the first day of spring here
low temperature on Friday
Will it be warmer than 70 degrees tomorrow?
what are the current wind speeds
what is the weather in Vegas like next week?
What the weather going to be like today?
Temperature next week tokyo Fahrenheit
what is the forecast for florida beaches?
what kind of clothes do i need tonight?
2 week weather forecast
How much is it going to snow in New York City?
Will it rain into the night?
What is the forecast for Manhattan today?
What is the weather like this morning?
Tell me about the weather today
Should I send my son to school in a jacket?
What's the weather like
Is there flooding in New Orleans?
Will it be sunny or cloudy tomorrow?
Show me this week's weather please
What is the weather for next Friday in Idaho Falls
Do the kids need their raincoats today?
What is today's lows?
How's the weather in Santa Ana, California?
Do I need long pants?
How cold is it at Manila today in C
is it sleeting
Should I bring a thick jacket?
What is the weather going to be in San Francisco at 3pm
Is it going to drop below freezing tonight?
will I need warm clothes for dinner?
what is the max temp for this week
What will the weather in Big Sur be like this weekend?
what is the weather in boise idaho like in october?
should I put on plimsolls tomorrow
give me a seven day forecast
Do I need my rain coat today?
Tell me what the weather is doing in Sheffield.
what is the weather suppose to be like today
What will the weather be like between April 30th and May 5th?
Will it freeze tomorrow
What's the temperature going to be today?
Please tell me the forecast for the Gold Coast
Tell me the weather outside.
Is it raining in Washington right now?
What's the weather forecast for 3:00 PM.?
What will tonight's temperature be
On Monday what will the weather be like?
Is there a hurricane heading to the US?
what is the weather going to be like on wednesday?
What will the weather be like in the Smyrna, GA,  area today around 1 o'clock
How's the weather gonna turn out at 4pm?
what is the weather in miami right now
Describe the weather
Is it going to be cold enough for a coat tonight?
will it snow on our way to Alabama
i need the weather forecast for france next month
Will the weather be okay for bank holiday Monday?
how windy is it going to be tomorrow
what is the lowest temperature this night?
do I need special tires to go to Idyllwild
Should I expect rain tonight?
How cold is it tomorrow near Paris in degrees C
Will it be above 3 in degrees F for Palo Alto
Give me the weather in celsius
Should I wear rainboots to school today?
What is the 5 day forecast for Phoenix?
Is there a chance of rain in Santorini after 12am?
weather in Jamaica today
How much snow are we supposed to get tonight
What's the UV index at today?
Should I wear my rain boots tomorrow?
What is the high temperature today?
I would like to know the weather forecast for 7 days' time please
Are they calling for heavy showers today?
What is the average temperature this week
Show me the hourly weather
Whats the temperature?
What's the weather like in Branson on September 11?
How cold will it get in Newark tonight?
What is the forecast this week?
What will the high be today?
What is the weather at Myrtle Beach at 3pm?
Are there any hurricanes near me?
What’s the weather in Auckland?
When is it going to rain this week?
Is umbrella needed today?
Is it going to be cloudy tomorrow?
What is the record low for today
Any weather alerts
Tell me about the weather in New York.
is friday to be cloudy
Tell me how is the weather going to be in Swaziland
should I bring a cardie tonight
what is the current weather in Melbourne
what is the weather like in brazil
Next month what is the weather like in China
Get me the weather information on Portugal
Will it be hot out today?
Will it be sunny at noon tomorrow?
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow in Seattle?
What is the weather like in Houston this weekend?
Can you give me the forecast for Easter weekend.
is it supposed to be cold today
Will I need to shovel snow tomorrow?
will there be snow on christmas this year
Will it rain this evening?
Is it below 41 in degree Fahrenheit here tomorrow morning
When does snow start tomorrow?
What will the weather be like for the August Bank Holiday?
What will be today's high and low?
Is the wind supposed to blow today
should I wear a short sleeve shirt today
What is the temperature in celsius
Should I wear pants or shorts today?
How long will the rain last?
weather on mlk day
What Weather is predicted for Tokyo?
Is it going to be below 77 Celsius inside next week
will it be below zero next week
Can I expect a cold day next week?
what is the high and low temperature today
What's today's high?
What is the forecast for Aug. 15?
Tell me what the weather is like in Daphne, AL tomorrow, please.
high and low for tomorrow
Is it sunny in California?
What is the weather in Chapel Hill at 8 am?
Is there a storm coming?
how hot is it in hong kong?
What is the wind chill outside
Temperature tomorrow morning out there F
Do I to wear sun glasses or Jacket?
Will it be cold all weekend in Neptune, New Jersey
what will the weather be like for this evening
I need the weather for Shipston on Stour
What's the weather in Salt Lake City on Thursday?
is there going to be a tornado in the caribbean
Bring up weather for Alice springs please
Will it rain today in Oakland?
What is the temperature going to be at 9am tomorrow
Tell me the weather details for tomorrow
What is the temperature going to be tommorrow?
How's the weather going to treat us on Sunday?
What's the weather like in Queensland?
today's temperature
Tell me how the weather's looking for 4am
can i get the weather in London for Saturday 18th please
Will it be warm later today?
Are there any thunderstorms in my area
When is the next time it is going to rain?
Will it rain this weekend in NYC?
What is the current temperature in Fairport
What is the weather forecast for the state of Texas today
is it cooling off this week?
how cold can it get in Rapid City in winter
Temperature tonight outside Celsius
put up the weather for Wells next the Sea
Coolest day this week
Do I need a umbrella?
Is it cold enough for a jacket?
What is the temperature average for this month?
tell me weather in Kathmandu Nepal.
What's the weather at the moment?
Weather forecast for tomorrow at 3pm.
Should I bring a jacket for later?
should I take an umbrella?
Temperature tomorrow Fahrenheit
Tell me what the weather looks like for Easter?
should i bring a jacket
how much rain fell today
what is the low temperature for thursday
Am I going to be cold tonight if I don't bring a jacket?
when will it snow again?
Should I expect sun this weekend?
What's the weather like in Colorado in October?
Should i turn on my air conditioner today?
Is it Chilly outside?
is it windy today?
What's the temperature in Germany?
What's the weather like outside at the moment?
when is a tornado most likely to happen
What is the weather like in Wildwood today?
Do I need pants or shorts for tonight?
what the humidity like in florida today?
what is the forecast this monday in Bristol
Is it around 75 in celsius karachi tomorrow morning
What is my 10-day weather outlook
How hot is it in Brighton?
Will it be raining this weekend?
can you tell me what the weather will be like this weekend
Weather at 14:00 in Colombia please ?
What is tomorrow mornings weather?
What the weather in Australia like
London weather at 3pm next Wednesday
How does the weather look like at the beach
Show me the weather in Orlando?
Tell me what the high is going to be today.
how warm will it get this week
is it going to snow in Chicago tomorrow?
can you tell me the weather in Stourport on Severn
Do I need to bring a jacket?
I need to know what the weather will be like in London on Tuesday
what is the weather in brooklyn right now
what's the temperature in istanbul turkey
Do I need a hat and gloves today
whats the temp in phoenix right now
Whats the weather forecast for the morning?
Were there any record high temperatures today
Did the forecast call for snow today
What is the weather for Friday?
What speed is the current storm in Daytona moving at?
What is the weather next week?
will the plants freeze tonight
What's the forecast for Manchester?
Give me the forecast for tomorrow morning
what is the weather going to be like at 5 pm?
Please look up the weather in Ontario right now.
Is rain in the forecast this weekend?
What's the weather going to be like today in Melbourne?
DID IT SAY IT WAS GOING TO RAIN TODAY ON THE NEWS
Wath upon Dearne weather please
What is the weather supposed to be?
When will it rain today?
Friday's weather, please?
what is the minimum temperature of today
Can you inform the meteorological conditions for late afternoon?
Will it be cold enough to wear a jacket in California during Christmas?
Forecast for akron Ohio
Please give me this weekend's weather.
tell me the weather forecast
when is it going to snow again
Is it good weather outside?
how many inches of rain are we getting
Will there be fog tonight
what's the weather like in London?
How much rain have we received today?
What time will the rain start in Conyers today?
what is September like in Georgia
Do I need snow boots in Boston tomorrow?
What time is is supposed to start snowing?
what's the weather going to be like this sunday at noon
Temperature this weekend at San Francisco F
Will the temperature drop below 80 at all this week?
Tell me about the weather
is it a good idea to wear trousers today
Any chance of rain this weekend?
Weather Wellington now
What is the weather like in Central FL
I would like you to tell me what the weather will be early this morning
is snow in the forecast
Weather forecast for Sat afternoon June 15th
how much rain is expected in portland next weekend
What is the snow accumulation on Stevens pass this weekend
Give me the forecast for Italy
How hot will it be today?
Can you tell me tomorrow's forecast in Melbourne please?
do i need a rain coat this weekend
Should I wear my rain jacket today?
I need to know the weather for the full week
is there a storm warning tonight
what's the weather like today?
Change my 'Murdock Mysteries' alarm to start on June 5th
Change my 'Move Car' alarm to 1pm
Change alarm to 7am
Change the wake-up alarm please
Repeat alarms all week
Modify my next alarm to an hour later.
Modify swimming alarm to 7 daily
edit the feeding alarm to 4am
reset my alarm
Move the alarm to 8pm on Saturday
I want to change my alarm.
adjust my alarm to 9am
change alarm to 4 am
Repeat whole album
replay the whole album.
repeat Maniac by jhene Aiko
Please put this song on repeat.
PLay this song again
please replay that song
Play this song again.
Please replay the whole CD
please play the current song again?
Repeat Fall on Me
Play playlist again, please
Tell me when Moon Viewing starts
when is the concert
What time does the concert start tonight in Walnut Creek
can you tell me when An Evening with Debra Messing starts
When does this event start?
call granddaughter on Whatsapp video chat
Start a video chat with Scott and Tomas
WhatsApp call Matias Gould
call cousin mark
Time to talk to George Roy James please
Start a video call with Lodi uncles.
Please call Ahmad A Wu
Can you call Franky Annalise Richmond
Call boyfriend
Call Catherine Ewing Gibson for me
call the third one
WhatsApp call Jayce Haynes
call Camille number two
on whatsapp call Addilyn Boyd's cell
Call Stephen
Call mom
Please make a call to my parents now
call Suarez and Davis
call Izabella 's father
call my father River Robertson on WeChat
Place a call to Karen on Messenger
Call Ebony
can you call Hudson Garza using WhatsApp
let's call Katherine on Hangouts
call my Whatsapp contact Russell
ring child's cell
call Mackenzie Stevens on video on Whatsapp
call Tandra Klei 's nephew
call 6745557224 on my Pixel
I'd like to call Mary M Welch
Telephone Jo.
make a group call to family
call Cami Lawrenz 's mom
speak to my grandma Willow
can you dial Mila on WhatsApp
call sibling on Whatsapp video chat
call my wife Brianna Anderson through WhatsApp
I want to video call my uncle Phillip
Please phone my sister
call Clarence Jabbour 's son
call Sloane 's kid
I'd like to call Fernando Damien Sanders
on whatsapp call grandfather
Ring dad
ping Matthew Mckee
call Sarah U
could you call Mariana's mother Hadley Peterson
call Declan Peck on Whatsapp video chat
Start audio call with Gary
Call my grandchild.
please call Melissa Maldonado's niece
Could you please start up a call with Kira, Edward, and Ramon Barber
Please call Chris once he leaves the restaurant
Need to call dentist now.
Call to Peggy
i'd like to touch base with Collin Randolph
could you call Thomas's auntie Henry Simpson
call Marlin Scoble 's auntie
get me my niece Miss Palay
call Thomas number two
Call my sister Lara.
call Whatsapp Gunnar
call Gemma Stafford through whatsapp
try to call Kerry lara
call Amiyah call Naomi in Whatsapp
call to 555-1918  on Messenger
I need to call good buddy
Call Georgina
call the grandmother of Sienna Wilkinson
start a call with Dad
I want you to call my dad
lets ring my daughter
Conference call cooking friends on Messenger
place a call to India, Jason Newton, Corbin Salas and Ellen
Call Christine Shaffer Wang now
call Maeve 's wife
Start a call with Elias Roach and Skylar Coffey
call Grayson Tucker Bennett
call George Mona Fulwood 's uncle
ping Regina
call Mauricio Schneider WhatsApp
Call my bros.
Messenger call to Zachariah
call up the grandfather of Remi
call Jaxson in my Whatsapp contacts
can you call pop please
call Gaynell Curo 's niece
call Amina whatsapp video
Please call Tobias Richard Adams
call Eli C
Initiate a call to Chris
Would you call with Breanna and Jarrett Carter on Whatsapp
call Oliver my dad
with Messenger contact Amani Fischer
call Janis Singleton
call John please
I'd like to call Noah Tobias Ward
Please dial my mother
call sons now
Can you call John my brother
call son
Please dial up James Torres, Marissa Welch, and Natasha Fleming
Call Ahmad A Wu now
call Alma Rho 's granddaughter
set up a call with Nancy Ng
touch base with Carl
call Zariah 's aunt
Please make a call to my doctor
START CALL WITH JENNY
call Liliana and Bailey
call Isabel 's mom
Call my Mom.
Please call Ted.
Call Susan Tim and Beverly altogether
call Floretta Crase 's husband
Dial stepsibling's number
I want you to call my brother.
call Isabel Holland from my Whatsapp contacts
can you call 814-555-0487  using my phone
ping Braxton Shah
I want to video call my Asian Professionals group
call Julia Baker call Richard Braun using Whatsapp
call Jaylyn number two
i want to call BB Guerra
Contact Emily
call Monty Melby 's son
call Ezekiel and Dylan
contact stepchildren
connect with An ira
Make a call to Leah.
call Timothy instead
dial Melissa Maldonado on WhatsApp
Can you call Noah Tobias Ward
call family group now
Call Fred
call number four
start a call with stepsisters
ping Graham
Videochat with my sister
call Teagan Durham's cell on whatsapp
Call elder brother at home
Please, call my mom
phone a friend
Could you please start up a video call with Hugo Guzman, Dominic Dillard, and Shelby Wall
call Laronda Menette 's boyfriend
can use please use Messenger to call Maxwell Costa
call Connor E
Phone Jessica.
call Nicholas instead
call Grant Potter
Set up a call to Dad
Contact Michelle
Get in touch with dad
i want to call 5558156  on my cell phone
start a group call with my family
call Vera 's auntie
call Sydney Roth using Messenger
set up a call with her
make a whatsapp call to Oscar Gilmore
Please start call with mum
i want to call Linda S Frederick
call Ezekiel on WhatsApp
call stepfather
my sister give her a call please
call Roberto Carlos
dial Adalyn Bolton right away
Can you call J Li
Initiate call with my friends Tyrese, Richard, Nikolas, and Chloe on Skype
call Corbin two
i want to call Betty B Arroyo
call RA Larsen
call my grandfather meg
Call Kyle for me.
call a group
Start call with David
give jackson Brandon a call
call Jayla through whatsapp
give the partner of Melanie Suarez a call
call the third Dayana
call Candy Boykin 's niece
call Cami Lawrenz 's uncle
ping Silas
please call Ali Hunter using Hangouts
make a whatsapp call to Mateo Barrera
Place a call Home and Garden
call Earnestine Kirkpatric 's friend
initiate call to kelly please
call Brown and Garcia
call Lexi
Call C Potts now
call my grandmother
call Aaron Carter
Can you call Harrison Foreman, Kaitlin, and George Leach
connect with Brandon An
call Paul Rocha Cox
ring grandkid's cell
call my Whatsapp contact Haven Meyer
dial the wife of Maverick Olson
call Amiyah Destiny Collins
Place call to Roger now please
Telephone call to father.
Call my boss right away.
on WhatsApp call Nico
please call 3105555774  from my cell
Reach out to RIchard
call my Whatsapp contact Lilah Carey
I want to call my wife
call Gearldine Lynskey 's kid
make a call to Patricia Ferrell via WhatsApp
Can we do an call with the Military History group on Whatsapp
Can you call S Holt
Phone Nathan from my contacts
call the dad of Jennifer Curry
call Lonnie Hyacinth Cangemi 's uncle
call Claire Lucas call Alayna Moore using Whatsapp
make a call to Emily
Can you call Daniel Figueroa Woodard
Begin call with Desmond and Abby on Slack
phone the wife of Ruth Pacheco
call Maren two
Start a video chat with my biology class group
call Natalie 's niece
call Amara call Braylen on Whatsapp
video call with Business
can you call whatsapp contacts
Video call my friend Julie now
call Daniella right yes
call Gianna from my Whatsapp contacts
Ring up them
call Kindlimann Maribeth 's mother
please start call with Perla
Start up a audio call Sawyer Page and Benjamin Munoz
Please call John
please call siblings
Please telephone them
video call the gym buddies group on Messenger
call Fiona Horn with Messenger please
When the sunset
what time does the sun set in New Orleans
What time does sundown happen?
When is dusk tomorrow
my friends are still in oklahoma city right?
Does John work in Wayne?
where does Mable live?
what city does Ahmed live in ?
Is it true that John lives in Houston?
Where did Steve Jobs grow up?
Where in kent does lisa live
Where has the Navy stationed my little brother Nathan this year?
where in Nebraska does leslie live?
where does Pam live
Where is Pam living?
I want you to tell me the location of the second event
What is the address of Linda's work?
What is David's current home address?
who knows where Jack lives now
i would like claires address please
Does Pedro still live in Green Brook?
What city is Tara's work address?
Where does Jessica live?
Where is Li's workplace located?
does Corrie live in new jersey
Has Scott's address changed
does tom still live in ocean city
Where does Patricia live?
Does Alia live in Boston?
Where did Justin Timberlake grow up?
what was karen old address
Does Ben live in Springfield?
What is Jessie's work address?
Where does Mia live?
what is Hapeep's last home address?
Where was George Lucas born?
Is Lily's house in Seattle?
can you give me Berts address
where was tom brady born
What is Jeff's home address?
Where did Destriva live when she was a child ?
Tell me the location of Ghost House Opening Day
Where did Halle Berry grow up?
not going to the fourth
RSVP no to Feast of San Gennaro
I'm no longer interested in the first event
I'm no longer interested in Plate by Plate
rsvp no to Comic Con
rsvp no to Day-Trip Cruise to Blake Island
rsvp no to Two Door Cinema Club
respond no to the third event
not going to Taste of Seattle
Cancel my reminder about my dentist appointment
Cancel reminder for Dentist
please cancel my reminder to buy bacon
Can you delete my client reminders for the next week?
Remove the reminder for Rob's soccer practice on Sunday
Cancel my reminder on thursday
Remove the reminder for the family meeting tomorrow.
Delete reminder for jacket.
Delete the reminder about the book club
Cancel my reminder to get groceries
remove the reminder about jessicas appointment as she doesnt need to go anymore
Delete all reminders for this weekend.
Delete the reminder to meet him for lunch tomorrow.
Alexa, can you do a favor for me, delete the ticket book reminder for Las Vegas.
Please delete the reminder to fix my dryer
Move reminder to trash
Delete the reminder for the broadway show on August 4th.
Take the alert off for the reminder about the photoshoot on Tuesday.
Cancel my reminder for Friday's dinner date
Delete the reminders about calling Dad.
Delete the reminder to meet with Carlos tomorrowat 10am.
please get rid of every reminder i had about bowling
delete my reminder to clean the house at 9
Delete the meeting reminder.
Delete my most recent reminder.
Delete my reminder for the play on Thursday.
Delete my reminder for tomorrow's dinner.
Delete the reminder to buy pens
Delete the homework reminder
delete all of the reminders for mommy and me play dates for the rest of august
Remove my doctor's Appointment reminder for Thursday
cancel my reminder for my appt on monday
Remove the reminder to pick up dry cleaning.
Delete my reminder for the library session today at 2.
Cancel the reminder to look up recipes when I get home tonight.
Delete my reminder for yoga tomorrow.
remove the reminders for work alarms
Remove all reminder for work next week as I will not be in.
delete my reminders for today
Get rid of my reminder for the team meeting on Tuesday.
the wedding was cancelled so i don't need to be reminded of the event anymore on the 20th
Delete my dinner reminder
Take out all my reminders.
Delete the graduation party reminder
cancel reminder to visit doctor on Wednesday at 1 pm
remove the reminder of family dinner this week
Cancel all reminders with Sasha
Cancel reminder to call friend
Delete Melissa's engagement party reminder.
please delete todays meeting reminder
cancel my reminder to call vet
cancel reminder to call dentist
The Going away party tomorrow at 4 pm reminder is to be removed please.
Delete reminder to call dad about car trouble.
delete reminder about jason's immunizations
I don't want to get those reminders about back to school event anymore
Please remove the reminder for a Doctor's check up.
I wont be available for appts in Sept. Cancel all appt reminders
Please delete the reminder for Dr's Appointment on August 18th.
cancel all the reminders i've got
Delete the reminders for the Cycling group for this weekend and next weekend.
Remove the reminder about Andrea's gathering
cancel all alerts set for Oct 20th
Delete my reminders involving Liam
Please could you delete all of the reminders that I have set up for next week
Delete the reminder about my doctor's appointment.
Remove all reminders involving my girlfriend
please get rid of the reminder i set for 15 minutes before my hockey game
Delete the reminder for Emily's date on Saturday.
Please delete all ESPN reminders
Erase reminder for practice tonight
Cancel the alert of the visit to the doctor.
Delete the reminder about the concert today.
Cancel reminder to watch Insecure Sunday
Cancel my reminder to buy clothes tomorrow.
clear the reminder from last friday
Remove reminder to feed Brian's cat tomorrow.
Create a new timer alert
time me for the next 60 seconds
make a timer for 18 minutes and one for 20 minutes
Set a timer in 10 minutes
Can you set a timer for a minute
Set timer for one hour
set a timer for  movies
Set my timer to 2am
Set a timer for 45 minutes please.
Begin a 15 minute time at 1:00 pm
i need a 6 minute timer
Set a timer to exercise for 60 minutes.
start my walk timer for 5 minutes
time this sprint
create one timer for 60 seconds and a second for 17 minutes
set a timer for 15 minutes
Set a timer for an hour
Set my timer for running to 30 minutes
set timer  for 2hours and 6 minutes
set the timer to start and stop on the command of now
Please create a 45 minute timer and name it guests please leave
Set time out timer for one minute
help set timer
Can you set a timer for one hour
Set Timer Alarm for 15 minutes after start
set the next timer for 8 minutes
Set 60 minutes for running.
Increase my timer to 30 minutes.
start 5 min timer
Make the timer for one mile run be 7 minutes
Can you set a 5 minute timer?
The pool pump should shut off in 30 min. please set the timer so I can make sure
set a 40 minute timer
set a timer  for 2 pm to run for 30 min
Set the timer for five minutes.
Create timers for one hour and for 10 minutes
set a timer for 2 minutes please
Set new timer for 45 seconds.
start my next timer now please
introduce a timer to last 5 minutes
timer for 20 minutes and one for 40 minutes
make a timer for 10 seconds named hold breath
Set a timer for 40 minutes
set timer for 1 minute
Start the timer again.
Start my timer
Give me a 10 second timer.
Set timer for a minute
Start timing me
Repeat the last timer.
put up a timer for one and a half hours and a second for eight seconds
set one timer for 23 minutes and a second timer for 30 minutes
set timer to go off in 9 minutes
create Thaw turkey timer
start timer in exactly one hour
give me a timer for  8 hours
give me a 10 minute timer
Start my timer at 7:00
set timer for 2min
Set timer for four minutes.
set a four hour timer and four minute timer and two and a half minute timer
Set a timer for 15 minutes
new 15 minute timer
set a six minute timer and seven minute timer and 30 second timer
make a four hour and forty five minute timer and four minute timer and four minute timer
I need a timer set for 25 minutes.
set timer for 19 minutes
make a timer for 1628 seconds and one for 30 minutes
fix a timer for 2 minutes
Start a timer to count up.
Start counter
set a timer for 3 minutes and repeat
set a timer for january 2021
I am going to swim, so please set a timer for 20 minutes
Please set my timer for 55 minutes
set timer for 21st dec 2017
set a timer for nine seconds and one timer for 5 hours and 15 minutes
Timer on for 10 minutes
need timer set for 2 hours
Start timer at 5:50am tomorrow
CAN YOU CREATE A NEW TIMER FOR 2 HOURS. WHEN IT STOPS, CREATE ONE FOR 3 HOURS
Set a 1 hour workout session.
Set countdown for 30 minutes, start countdown now
Make a new lap on stopwatch
Set timer to 7 minutes for 28 minutes
set a new timer for 140 seconds
create a egg timer
run a timer
switch call to full screen
change it to video call please
Turn off video for this call
no more video with jess
change this to a video call
could you change it from voice call to video call
switch to video call
I'd like to change this call from audio call to video call
switch to voice call
Continue Dad's video call as an Audio chat.
switch call from audio mode calling to video mode calling
switch call to video
What is Emily's occupation?
What Alex does for work?
What profession was Steve Jobs in?
Don't play this song anymore, please
no rap music
do not play any DEVO!
delete all rap songs.
who is Shakira's husband?
who is Chris?
Show me anyone friends with GGB
Names of people who work at Clarus
Who are Jennifer's friends?
who works for the public library?
Tell me who works at lush
Anyone I know from Milwaukee
Do I know somebody living in Hawaii
friends of my son
search for people who are working for Rolls Royce.
Who works at Creekside Animal Clinic?
Please find my friends name that works at Starbucks
Anybody I know that works for NYFW?
tell me who works at Winn Dixie
Display Mr. Elvert uncles birthdays on the screen
List all the South High alumni on my friends list.
Do I have any friends that went to Humbolt State?
do I know anyone in Michigan?
Which of Krista A. Selvaggi kids were born on the 25th?
Who is Shirley's mother?
Who are my friends
Do I know anyone who lives in Sacramento?
Show all Glenda Wulfing fathers-in-law upcoming birthdays
Is Gary Mary's friend?
who is the friend that lives closest to me
Who lives in Montreal
Who graduated from Yale?
Do i know people who live in phoenix
List 1st National Employees
do i know anyone who went to havard
How many of my friends graduated from Elmhurst?
Anyone I know who went to Stanford?
Do I know anyone who has a MBA?
which of my friends have birthdays in June?
Tell me who graduated from Princeton
List all Tiny Feno bosses birthdays
Tell me my friends who went to Southern Miss.
Pull up Tiffaney Perona first cousins birthdays on the screen
Please provide the friends of Betty.
Show me people I know who have studied in FIU
Who do I know that works at the Times-Tribune?
Did any of my friends go to Columbia?
How many of my friends birthdays are in December?
Tell me who all works at Burger King
who is Matt's friend chris
do I know anyone from KSU
Who that Kam Muchortow know was born on the 25th of May?
Skyline is hiring who else works there?
Are any of my friends living in Denver?
Can you let me know who works at Orange Coast College?
Who is currently working at the Directv in Boise?
Do I have family in Chicago?
Show me Mr. Dixie Parolini stepsiblings birthdays
Find Danika's son
Is any of my friends at Westfield State
Who works in San Jose?
who graduated from community college?
Does anyone on my friends list have a December 8 birthday
tell me who works at intel.
Do I have any friends in Traverse City
Who lives in Cairo?
Did any of my friends go to Illinois State?
Who works at RLPS?
who is Ming Park's husband?
List all Kam Muchortow daughters-in-law birthdays
Show Salts stepsiblings upcoming birthdays
Which friends graduated from MDC?
Who lives in Boerne?
Current burger king employees
Which of Keenan supervisors were born next June?
which one of my friends lives in pensacola
who is the best friend of tom
who lives in milwaukee
Who works at Disney Land?
let me know all names working in Yahoo.
Who works at Zurich?
Do I know anyone that is graduating from Boise State?
Friends of Ron.
find Roberto
Who works  Transcore?
Tell me who works in Amherst, NY
Tell me names of  people work at KFC, Ain shams branch.
Which of my friends have birthdays coming up?
Do I know anyone from Atlanta Georgia
Show siân husbands birthdays
who do you know works at Walmart?
Who attended Yale?
Who graduated from M.I.T?
Do I know people from New Jersey?
Tell me who works at MEI
Show friends of Michael
which friends work for local law enforcement?
Are there any Google employees here?
Who lives in Denham Springs?
Who works at Lululemon in Grayton Beach
What are the names of Jay Z's kids?
Which of Koda in laws were born next Friday?
Does anyone i know still live in San Jose?
I want names of people who work at Taco Bell
Is my chiropractor living in Tigard
Neil Patrick Harris husband
Can I please display the friends on the screen
Any of my friends in Cabazon?
who works for the Hospital?
Who works at Sears?
Who that Winford know was born on April 12th?
Who works at Amazon
could you find Porter
What famous actors were born in the '70s?
i need a complete list of my friends
Who are the doctors who work at the REACH animal clinic?
Who are friend of eric
Who lives in Mountain View, CA?
Tell me Clotilde Vanatta kiddoes birthdays
Who works at Hulu?
Did anyone I know go to FSU?
Put Araceli Hickory sons in law upcoming birthdays on the screen
Tell me about friends who have Master degree?
Who are some of Mikes friends
Do I know of any friends living in Columbus, OH?
Who has a birthday on August 11th?
How many of my friends went to Columbia University
Who lives in Florida?
Does anyone live in LIC?
Do any of my close friends work on campus?
Did Stacey try and call me today?
Please tell me the information of my calls today
past calls with grace
can you show some of my past calls with chloe
Were there any missed calls today
Did I ring my mother this week?
please show me my successful calls this week
What missed calls do I have this week?
have i missed any video calls this morning?
Did my brother ring me today?
how many calls did i receive on Wednesday
Show missed calls
Has Ana phoned today?
how many calls did i miss from jessica?
delete playlist
delete my 80's playlist
Who is Amanda
who is Tina D. smith?
Is Susan single?
Who is Rachel
Tell me about Stephen's brother Daniel.
Tell me about Mike
What do you know about Erin?
I want to know as much as I can about Mike.
Who is Ross?
Who is Chris Bowser?
I want to know about Alex.
Tell me who is Catarina.
who is monica's boss sarah ?
can you tell me something about heather?
What is Chris' background?
Tell me about Mary
What is Aliana's maiden name?
Tell me details about Steve
Who is Tricia's nephew James
What can you tell me out Sam?
who is Anne's friend Louise
Tell me about Nathan.
tell me about Aaron.
I want to know who Elizabeth is.
tell me about Zay
delete timer 1
Clear and erase all timers
Delete timer
I want to end the timer
Delete wake up timer
drop baking timer please
discontinue timer
Cancel the timer for that time
clear timer record
cancel the current timer and start a new one for five minutes
cancel alarm on timer
please drop timer
Cancel sending the message to Parker
Quit sending the text
I need a recipe for easy banana bread
gluten free cookie recipe
how do you make alfredo sauce
find me some meatless pasta dishes
recipes with no meat or cheese
Find me an Polish recipe please
how do i make salsa
Tell me a recipe for no bake cookies
how do I make a grilled cheese sandwich
how do I make cheese pizza
Find paleo recipe for pizza
I need a cupcake recipe
Find me an easy recipe for Chicken Parm
What can I cook with rice
How do you make pork carnitas
Tell me how to make a Cornish game hen
I need a recipe for steak marinade
Recipe for sweet potato soup
Look up a tomato sauce recipe
how do i make chicken francese
How do I make pie crust
Can you find me a good Greek recipe
can I have recipe of chicken masala
Recipe for Shrimp scampi
What are good high protein foods
a good recipe for coconut cookies
find me a recipe for pad thai
Can you find me a recipe for a rich, fruit cake with brandy sauce
What is the recipe for Red Velvet Cookies using Duncan Hines Red Velvet cake mix
Can you teach me how to make an apple pie
I want to make a pizza
How do I make chicken spaghetti
How do you make truffle fries
looking for a gluten free meal to make tonight, something easy
Find me a recipe using eggplant and sausage
Give me vegan recipes
what is the best recipe for chicken salad
Find be quick dinner ideas
how do I make crock-pot chicken
Find me a soy free pizza recipe
Would you please provide me some holiday recipes
how do I make bread from scratch
find recipe for meatloaf
What is a basic pound cake recipe
Tell me how to make perfect white rice
I need a Chinese recipe with chicken
how to make pasta sauce
how to make healthier brownies
how to make a pot pie
How to make bento boxes
how do you make salsa
what is the traditional food recipe of mexico
how would I make gluten free bread
what can i make with pineapple
How do you cook scrambled eggs
Whats a good french toast recipe
How to make breaded meats for deep frying
How to make fried chicken
whats the best way to cook crab legs
find me a recipe with salmon and shrimps
give me a traditional marinara sauce recipe
How to make chicken and dumplings from scratch please
Easy baked recipes
find macaroni salad recipe
How do you make scallions from green onions
How do you cook crabcakes
Healthy vegetable smoothie recipes
easy meatloaf
What's the recipe for French Onion soup
Flourless chocolate cake recipe, please
Find me some healthy chicken recipes
quesadilla recipes please
Find me a mexican recipe for chicken
food.com recipes for lasagna
Tell me a recipe for chicken alfredo
find vegan recipes
I need a dessert recipe that uses mandarin oranges and coconut
top-rated fast recipes for lunch
Show me a recipe for steak
find a recipe for tacos
Vegetarian recipes
Please find the Neiman Marcus recipe
can you tell me how to cook roast beef
Find me a mexican recipe
Find recipe for pulled pork
Find an easy recipe using ground beef
what is the healthiest way to cook pork
How do you cook Curry
What is the easiest apple pie recipe
Can you give me 30 minute meal ideas for a large family
What kind of event is Bark in the Park?
What kind of event is Hocus Pocus?
What type of event is The Occupation of Alcatraz?
What type of event is Dinosaur Jr.?
I am no longer available
do not bother me
show me as busy
i am unaccessible
Make me appear offline
dont want to talk
Set status to out
i dont want to be bothered right now
Set status to busy
Change my mode to busy
Set me unavailable online
I'm not available
unavailable at this time
Okay, turn off my availability. Ta.
I'm currently busy
I'd like to be set as unavailable right now
Status: not available
Change availability setting to unavailable
set availability as unavailable
answer calls on Whatsapp as default
set up Messenger as my default for making calls
use WeChat as my calling provider
set default calling as Messenger
Do I need to defrost chicken before putting it in the crock pot
Does vegan meat have to be cooked long
do I need baking soda for making cookies
Is there dairy in sorbet
is there cumin in this dish
Do you put cinnamon in baked apples
Do I need to defrost chicken before putting it in the crock pot
can i bake a potato
Do I need vanilla to make banana bread
are oreos vegan
Is celery calorie free
can i can salsa
Do bananas have under 100 calories
is bruschetta bread toasted
Do Crab cakes have pepper flakes
Is coconut oil easy to cook with
is Soy milk vegan
please create a party playlist for me
make a playlist called Late Night Vibes
Create a playlist for my grandma's birthday party
Create Christina Grimmie playlist
create a playlist: Christian Mix
create a music play list
Set a station for the song that just went off.
create a playlist: Country Gold
Help me change a reminder time.
Switch to call with my mother
leave this conversation and switch to the incoming call from my stepsister Joe
swap calls now
please leave and switch calls
Transfer to another call
end current call and switch calls
leave this conversation and switch to the incoming call from my daughter Joe
Please switch calls because Mrs Sawyer's phone is messing up
Put this call on hold take other one
End my current call and switch
please switch the call over to Jackson Brandon
Switch to the new call
leave current call and switch to new call
Where did Troy go to college?
tell me where does Andrea go to college
What technical school in Illinois does Jody attend?
Is becky at WSU
What college is Rachel currently attending?
What college does Sarah studied
resume track
What year did Tiger Woods turn pro?
What time did I call Mum yesterday?
When did Jane video call me?
What time did Hugo call me yesterday
what time was the missed call from Olivia today?
When did my mother call me?
What time did my husband video call?
What time dad called me?
When did Sana last call me?
Last time I called Colin
fix my couscous timer
change timer to 7 min
fix my timer
snooze timer for 15 minutes
change the brisket timer
Change timer to 2 hours
Make changes to the pasta timer
Change my timer from 15 to 20 minutes.
Change the timer to start 10 minutes earlier
Update timer to 15 minutes
Don't answer calls from Frank.
ignore all calls from Lee
Ignore calls from my dad
don't answer it for me
please dont answer call
Ignore all the calls from Contenta
Do not answer the call from Lois
Please don't pick up any incoming calls tonight.
It's my spouse, send it to voicemail
never answer calls after 10 pm
I don't need this call
Ignore calls from my cousin Ria
Reject my boyfriends call
when is dawn monday
What time is Sun rise tomorrow morning
What time is sunrise on Tuesday morning
when will the dawn be
When will the sunrise
What time is sunrise?
Only answer that call if it’s from Jupiter Bank
can you answer the video call from nephews?
and and acknowledge new call
answer that call now
Answer only calls from Lynn.
Pick up this call from Eric
Need answer the incoming call now.
Accept Video call from uncle rudi
answer any calls from my father in law
I would like a news update.
Read Health newreport please
what are the news headlines
when is the next news on Fox News tonight?
Any Donald trump stories for today
What is the current news regarding Trump?
What is the Washington Posts top headline for today?
Provide me the recent news headlines?
Please tell me about today's news.
current sweden news
News about Sean Spicer
Are there any traffic news
read me the top international stories
Any latest news about North Korea?
Any major news stories
Please read me the details of the OJ Simpson hearing about found Not Guilty?
I would like to know the news from Newsy
What is going on in the news tonight?
Latest Donald Trump news
News recap for yesterday
What are the top headlines from the Los Angeles Times
Are there details to the plane crash that occurred in Virginia?
Tell me about the latest hurricane news about the Atlantic Ocean
Please read me latest news for Ft. Lauderdale.
read me the national news headlines
Was there any breaking news today?
can i hear the local entertainment news
Top entertainment news
Please give me details about Donald Trump newest member in the White House.
News from the last hour.
recent articles about maroon 5
Latest US political news please
What are the top headlines in Entertainment
what is the latest update on the hernandez murder trial
read me all the headlines from this weekend that i missed
how many different trump news stories were there today
What is the major environmental news
any new news of donald trump
Tell me what's in the news today
Read me the recent sports headlines
I want to know the latest news
Houston top news
What are the latest headlines in The Economist
What are the headlines saying about Donald Trump right now
Tell me the latest news on the Rideout verdict.
Headlines on CNN
What is the latest national political news headline?
headlines for Hawaii
latest stock market news
read me to breaking news for spring hill
Updates on the latest FBI investigation news
What's the recent news about the solar eclipse happening next week
what are the latest headlines from MSNBC
Want to hear about news
north Korea news
Any news about possible nuclear warfare breaking out
read me the recent news headlines
Is there any recent news about Aaron Rodgers?
read me the top headline
socal news
Give me the news.
read me recent news
whats the celebrity news
what if the latest tropics news
give me local news in Los Angeles
what was on the news last week?
What is the current political news for London, England?
read me the cover page of new york times
What's the latest national news?
what is the newest celebrity news
Give me Germany weekly news
Any news update of the Korean attacks?
give me the latest headlines
WHATS IN THE NEWS THIS WEEK
What is the most recent local news?
What's the latest headlines in Europe?
Tell me the latest news
what are the elections details
What are the news headlines I need to know?
Any new political news?
What are the top headlines in then UK?
Top news on Google?
What is the news on South Korea
Can you give me an update on Hollywood news
Any headlines about Trump today?
What are the top trending national news headlines?
Most up to date news
What are the latest world headlines
Any recent news on Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce?
Is there any news on Laser/Radio Hybrid Cell Phone Towers today?
my local news please
Any news about the wild fires?
play national hurricane center live news
What is on MSN news?
Any news on Trump getting impeached?
Is there anything in the news?
What's the latest World News?
What are the headlines in national news?
Read me news about black lives matter
read me USA today headlines
Whats on Channel 9 News?
Read me some of the headlines from CNN.
What's the current news today?
What is the latest news on the plane hijack?
the car accident make it on the news
are there any headlines on the nfl scandal?
Read me the headlines from the New York Times
Please read the details on the protests happening in Virginia right now
Anything new in health news
Newest news from North Korea
Read me the important news of today
read world news report?
Give me today's news.
Give me news headlines involving Donald Trump.
latest news
What's the top story in Fox news
breaking news in the UK
Any new stories in the past hour?
Is there any news about black lives matter
can you show chicago tribune live news
Any breaking news right now
Can you give me more details about the Taylor Swift trial
Update me on the stories from today.
What are todays news highlights?
top stories in entertainment
any recent news developments about Donald Trump's investigation?
Top stories on CNN
Give me details about today's White House press conference
What happened last night in the news
Give me a news update?
read news from north korea
Can you give me more details about the anniversary of Princess Diana's death
any more news about clinton?
nfl news today
sports headlines
What's the news in Texas
All news today
News update for today
Tell me the news in Avondale, Arizona
Any news on the car accident
Tell me about the news in New Zealand
Are there any breaking news stories right now?
news about police brutality
Headline news from around the world
news update on the east coast
News headlines in San Francisco
tell me about the news.
What's the top stories on WTAE?
Any late breaking news today?
Give me todays news update.
What is the help wanted section of the news saying
give the latest scoop on selena gomez breakup
What are the top sports news headlines
What are the big news items today?
what court trials are in the news
Anything bad in the national news?
What is the most recent White House news
Can you give me a news update later?
Give me top entertainment news
any news regarding travel ban?
Any more news about the solar eclipse?
Read just the highlights.
play all breaking news
election news today
what was the update on yesterday news
Please inform me of the latest hot topics
Has there been any news lately on Barack Obama?
Search news stories for Russia.
Any recent news about the Royal Family?
Read me the latest sports news.
Give me today's local news please
News update on North Korea?
What is the headline in politics?
What are the top stories from today
any new headlines
Can I have more information about Minneapolis explosion
any updated news
Is there anything going on in local news?
In the last hour, what is the news on Trump?
What is the news from NPR?
What are current headline stories in the news?
What are the top stories around the world?
can you show the boston globe live news
Read me the headlines from yesterdays news please
recent news in pop culture
Anything interesting in the news?
Please show the details of Usher's scandal
Please read me the details about Willie Nelson's concert cancellation.
Read current stock market news
Any new news on North Korea?
read me the headlines for today
Read me top international stories today
Please read me the latest news about Selena Gomez
Any big headlines?
What is the latest sports news?
Give me more information on the escaped snake news.
What is the current sports news
Can you give me more details on the affordable care act repeal?
give me the last week's top headlines
What are the top news stories for today
give me local news update?
Any recent News regarding Donald Trump?
Read the front page of the Wall Street Journal
Show me the news for Germany
What are the headlines in the Philippines today?
what is the latest news on Russia
Read the details about the Virginia incident
updates on amber alert
latest in finance news
What are today's top headlines
Bring up local News on Central Florida
Breaking news stories please
What is the news on Newsy?
News update on Charlottesville
yesterdays news highlights
add sis to the call
add John to the following call
Drop Michelle from this call
Please add Jim to the current call.
Please add Sebastiano to this call
Get Jesse on this call
remove husband from call
Remove dad from this phone call.
My mom should be removed from this video chat
invite Bob to call
remove jessica  and chris from this video call
add kelly to the current call
Add Grace to our conversation.
ADD MOM INTO THE CURRENT LINE
can you add grandfather to my call
please add Mike to this conference call
add husband to current call now please
invite Brad to the call
invite my best friends to this group call
invite daughters to call
add spouse to the call
Take Andrew out of this call
Add Carys to this call
bring Jason on the line too
Can you add Mary to the call
Add my stepmom to this call
Let's bring Bob into this call
add wife to this call
invite brother in law to the call
add Geraldine Stieglitz
Invite sibling to call, please
Add boy to line
Add Erica to call
Drop Benjamin from this call
Add Adrian to the video call
add Abigail
Please add me back to the conference call.
Please invite daughter in law to call
We need to include Mum in on this call now please
invite paul to the call
Put grandpa in current call
Have Vanessa Summers taken off the group call
Add in Gino Hinkley please
include stepkids patti to video call
add kiegan to call
Add Baxter to this call
How old is Lia?
How old is hesham ?
How old is Jenny?
How old will Graham be in 2020 ?
Is Marius 82
How old is John?
are you 25 years old ?
How old is jill
Is Joan 90
Is Jen 48 this year?
how old is Brad Pitt now?
Repeat the last song immediately
Repeat that last song.
replay the last song please
Please replay the previous track
replay the last song please
replay the last song
can you play the last song again
Repeat the last song
Remove two minutes from the current timer
can you take 11 minutes from my Face mask timer
remove 10 minutes from today's timer
delete 2 minutes from steve's running timer
reduce timer by 6 minutes
Subtract 15 minutes
Reduce the time on my timer by 15 seconds.
reduce timer by 5 minutes
decrease timer by 30 minutes
These rolls are getting way too brown; take 5 minutes off the bread timer
take thirty minutes off the time
Who sang No problem
List all albums by Black Sabbath.
What genre of music is calming?
what was the number one song last week
who sings the song Ashes to Ashes
What is the current track list in pop music on Spotify
WHO IS THE GREATEST DRUMMER OF ALL TIME
what are my spotify playlists?
Shut the alarm off
Quit it
Turn off my alarm.
I need my alarm cancelled
Please shut the alarm off.
set off my alarm
Reset all alarms
Turn off my active alarm please.
turn off the set alarm.
Mute my alarm
You can turn off all the alarms.
end alarm
shut off alarm now
Inactivate my nightly alarm.
mute alarm
Enough already
Set alarm
make an alarm go off tomorrow morning
Lets start a regular alarm for Monday 7pm.
I would like you to set an alarm
Add a new alarm that repeats every Sunday arvo at 3pm
set alarm for every 3 minutes
create alarm for 6h35
can you set an alarm for 10 seconds from now
i would like an alarm for 5 this evening
Set the alarm for the flight next week
Make an alarm for the next 7 weeks for Thursday at 6pm
Set the alarm for Friday 8am
Alarm set in ten minute intervals starting now
I want an alarm for 2pm.
Insert alarm for the 20th, tomorrow at 1 in the morning
set an alarm for thursday at 6
Set an alarm for 3:15 tomorrow.
Set alarm for 5am tomorrow
Set an alarm for every 2 and a half minutes
could you set an alert for 6 pm?
Create alarms for 8 and 9 in the mornings.
Set alarm 3 minutes from now
Set up my alarm to go off every week on Tuesday mornings at 8.15am.
would you make an alarm for 5 minutes from now
Set the alarm every minute for 4 hours
set alarm october 10th
create a new alarm for me for Thursday at 8am
create alarm for 8h15
Create an appointment alarm for 11:30am.
make an alarm for Wednesday
Please set an alarm for 8am tomorrow
Set an Early bird alarm for tomorrow morning at six.
Set alarm for three hours from now.
Set me an alarm at 4PM to call my mum.
Set alarm for tonight at 5 pm
Make a new alarm for tommorow night at 8pm.
Set an alarm for July 2nd
Set an alarm for 4:00am, 5:00am, and 6:00am
Set an alarm for Friday at 5
Set an alarm for 12pm next tuesday
Set an alarm.
create alarm for 830
Set a roast is ready alarm for 4pm today
please make a lunch time alarm for 12pm tomorrow
put up an alarm for 15 minutes from now
Set an alarm for 10:30am tomorrow.
Set alarms at 6 AM 6:15 AM 6:30 AM
create alarm for 6h00
Set alarm for 5 am tomorrow morning
I need an alarm tomorrow at noon
would you make an alarm for 10 minutes from now
Set in alarm in 30 minutes
sound alarm at 1015h
Make a new alarm for a 4th at 6AM
I'd like an alarm for the banquet on Sunday at 5pm
create alarm for 0700
set alarm to 9am
Please set alarm 3pm January 30th.
Set a bi weekly alarm for 7pm.on a tuesday
do me an alarm named 'party' for wednesday at 10pm
Set a weekly alarm for 5pm on Wednesday
set alarm for every five minutes
Set a reccuring a larm to go off at 4am on Sundays for 3 weeks
Please set an alarm for 4 am Wednesday
Set an alarm for 7am and 8am
Alarm for all weekday mornings 7am
Set a wake up alarm for Sunday morning at 5:00 am.
Add new alarm time for tomorrow
Set an alarm for every 4 hours
Setup alarms for 11pm and midnight for today
please set the alarm to ding at 3 pm and then every 2 minutes continuously for 1 hour
set the alarm for tuesday Aug 15 at seven thirty am please
create an alarm for tomorrow morning at
set an alarm every 10 minutes for 1 hour
Set alarm for 5 AM.
Please remind me on Friday at 1:30 pm to do my taxes.
Set up an alarm
set an alarm to go off at 9pm on Monday and Tuesday afternoons
set a go to work alarm
Set an alarm for Saturdays at 8am
set an alarm for snack time
Set an alarm this morning
set alarm for the chicken
Please, set an alarm for 7 a.m.
set an alarm for 08h45
Set an alarm for 1600 hours.
Create a 5:00am alarm
Have an alarm go off every two hours for the rest of the day
Wake me up at 10 am on Saturdays
Set alarm for 7:30 am today.
Can you make an alarm for half past two tomorrow please
Set an alarm at 7 am every day to walk the dog.
Please make an alarm for 10am on each Sunday
make alarm for every friday at 3:30am and 4pm
Set an alarm for the next 5 days at 8am
Set an alarm for Friday morning to start my research assignment.
Can you help me set an alarm?
Please set alarm for 4.30am on Mondays for 10 weeks.
Alarm for ten minutes from now
set another alarm please
Set an alarm for 7 AM Tuesday through Thursday
set alarm for 20 minutes.
Set alarm for 2:30 pm tomorrow
Could you set an alarm for 5 p.m.?
set an extra alarm for 7:30
Alarm for next Tuesday
Alarm needed for 4th June at 8pm
set me two alarms for Saturday to wake me up at 6am and 7am
Set an alarm for 7am
Arrange for my alarm to go sound everyday
Set a fortnightly alarm for Fridays at 10am
Please set an alarm for Thursday mornings at 8.
Please put an alarm on Sunday, thank you
Make an alarm at 7am and another at 7.30am
Set a afternoon alarm for 3 pm
get me up at 8 next Tuesday please.
Set alarm for one hour before party
Set a school run alarm for 3.15pm
New alarm on Tuesday
Create new alarm for Tuesday at 6am and 6pm
Set an alarm for 6am on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursdays.
Set alarm for 8:00AM
can i setup an alarm please for tonight
Alarm for Saturday afternoon at 3.
Set me another alarm at 7 20 am on mondays
Can you set me an alarm for 5am?
Make an alarm for tomorrow midnight.
Set an alarm for me at noon
set an alarm for 7:00 pm tonight so I can pick up Melanie
Make an alarm that repeats everyday at 11:00am
set alarm to go off 10 minutes after the hour for four hours
Add an alarm
Set an wake up alarm to get me out of bed at 6pm tomorrow
Make a recurring alarm for Tuesdays at 7am
sound alarm at 6h10
Create an alarm for Tuesday 7pm
repeat alarm all weekdays on 4am
set alarm for 6 am
make me a 'check laundry' alarm
Set biweekly alarm for 8am Tuesday.
Set alarms as usual.
set an alarm for 1525h
Make an alarm Saturday January 1st.
Please set up a do homework alarm for Sunday at 3pm.
Set alarm every minute for 17 minutes
Make my alarm go off at 5am on the 19th
Set alarm for six today.
Repeat my alarm at 7 and 7:15.
set an alarm for 11 am on the 26th
set the 6am alarm
Set alarm for every Sunday at 10am
can you set an alarm for one hour and sixty seconds from now
set my alarm for 6:30 am on mondays, tuesday, thursday and friday
Fire an alarm 6pm sharp for next Thursday 22nd August 2019
Set alarm for 1:00 am
would you make an alarm for 29 minutes from now
New alarm at 8 am
wake us up in 7 hours tops
Set the alarm for every five minutes for an hour.
Set the alarm for school tomorrow.
Can you set an alarm for 5.
I need an alarm set for Monday at 3pm
Set an alarm for Sunday at noon
set the alarm to go off at 9pm on 26th March 2019
set alarm for 6:00 Am tomorrow
Setup alarms for Thursday 6:40pm and Friday 9am
Can I get a 7am wakeup for a change
set alarm for seven and seven fifteen
PLEASE SET TWO ALARMS, ONE FOR 5 AM AND ONE FOR 8 AM
alert me at 1 in the morning.
I want to go to bed at 10pm.
I need an alarm for 2pm every Sunday named walk the dog
Alarm at 9PM and 10PM please.
create an alarm for 11 minutes from this second
I need an alarm to remind me to call the dentist
Make me an alarm for this evening
set a july alarm
Set an alarm for 9:30am for every day this week
I need an alarm for six o'clock.
Create an alarm for 11.00 am.
Set alarm for 4:15 pm
make alarms for 3pm and 11pm every Thursday for the next 8 weeks
PLease set up two alarms: an alarm for 3pm and an alarm for 4pm
Make me an alarm tomorrow at 8am to wake up
set alarm for 8am on Saturday
Could you set an alarm at 7 am for weekdays, please?
Set my alarm for the 4th at 4pm
I need a wakeup call Sunday at 7am
set an alarm for 540
Set a wake up alarm for each morning at 6:30 am.
Set an alarm for every Saturday at 7pm
set alarm for 2:30pm
i need to set an alarm
I need a weekly alarm at 6 am on Mondays
Set an alarm for every second Wednesday at 10am
Set alarm that sounds once  month on sunday at 12am
New alarm
Please set the alarm for the 5th of July.
Set Alarm for the super cup tonight
give me a new alarm for 0515h
set 3 alarms
I need an alarm set for 8.20am for leave for school
Set alarm for 8pm tomorrow.
SET MONTHLY ALARM TO PAY GYM MEMBERSHIP ON 3RD OF EVERY MONTH
turn the clock on for 5:00 please
Set alarm to start oven at 4pm
set alarm for Monday 6 am
Set my alarm to go off every day.
set alarm for 9 am for every day next week.
Did you finish at UNCW?
What is Rhoda's degree in?
What degree did Jenna get at UCF
What degree did Megan get at college?
What degrees does Kaylyn have listed?
What is Hannah's degree?
Show info for the person calling me right now
Who called last night at 10:00?
Who called earlier
who called me at noon today?
Please, restart timer.
Restart this timer
Restart the current timer.
I'd like to reset my timer.
Reset my timer and restart.
Start timer again.
restart my timer in 3 mins
Reset timer for my workout
Let the walking timer recommence.
Restart the timer I set
Restart the last timer.
Does Tina work at Kaiser Permanente?
Where does Doug work
Where does Mandy work?
Where does Frank work?
What's Kate's current job?
does valorie have an employer
Does Chase still work at Buda Juice
What is the name of the company that Rachel works for
Who is David's employer?
Where does Tammy work?
who does leah work for
who does tom currently work for
Is Chris working for the veteran's hospital?
Did Karen work at Barnes and Noble?
does Paul work for Facebook?
Where does Lisa work?
Has Sam worked for Google?
Who does Sarah work for now?
Does Mily still work at Amazon
is it true that gail works at microsoft?
Where does Monika work?
Where is Phil currently working
Who do you work for?
What reminders do I have on Friday?
what are my reminders for tomorrow
What reminders are there about Girl's weekend?
Bring up all my pet grooming reminders for September and October.
did i set a reminder for the farmers market on wednesday?
Show the past three reminders.
Do I have any reminders for Saturday
Read the reminders for Tim's medical appointments
Display reminders for me.
Do I have any reminders regarding Mommy before Friday?
Show me the reminders for Ava on her Gymnastics schedule in September
What were my reminders from this morning?
Show me the list of reminders I have
whats my last reminder.
Do I have any reminders set for Friday
Read me all of the reminders.
Have I set a reminder for September 5th at 6:30 PM?
What are my reminders for this afternoon
show me all my reminders for next Tuesday
Show me the reminders I have for tomorrow.
Read me reminders set last week.
What i my reminders for the kids
What reminders do we this weekend?
what is my next reminder for the day today?
Show tomorrow's reminders
any reminders for finances this weekend
What reminders do I have for the DS group
Any reminders for today?
Read me all of my reminders
Show me the reminders for my team mate group for the month
Show my reminders for the St. Joseph novena group
give me my AM work reminders
Show me all reminders for AA meetings.
Do I have any reminders this morning?
Please list all the reminders for the next week.
Read out my baseball reminder for today.
show me all of my reminders about my cat.
what reminders do I have for thanksgiving
Do I have a reminder set for my anniversary with John?
What are my reminders for Sunday.
Do I have a reminder about Kevin pick up time
Play reminders for next week's doctors' appointments
Show me all of my reminders.
Show all reminders that include Belinda.
show me any reminders i have about mom
Show me all my reminders for today.
Show me all reminders for today.
Show my reminders until end of 2017
Show me all my reminder about my baby shower.
Show my reminders for this weekend
If I have a reminder about pawpaw, show it to me.
Remind me what reminder is going to remind me something next
show me the reminder about cousin john's birthday party
What reminders do I have for Wednesday?
What reminders do I have for this Friday?
What concert reminders are on a Friday night this month?
Give me all the reminders related to meetings
Show me what the reminders are from today
do I have any reminders for today?
Display all active reminders
What are the reminders for August 21st?
Show all my reminders related to bill paying for the next two weeks.
How many reminders do I have for tomorrow?
Get all my reminders for grocery shopping
Show me reminders set for 15 minutes before meetings
Show me the reminder left regarding the housework.
TEll me which reminders are on my calendar for the month of June.
I like health
Can you rewind the song?
Go ten seconds back
Rewind ten seconds.
rewind
rewind this song
Who does Trump consider to be allies
How much money does NBC getting from big pharma?
Are allies of the US preparing to defend Guam?
Are there conflict of interests between the mainstream media and big pharma or the FDA?
Why did Trump do that
Where is Donald Trump traveling today
How bad are the fires in oregon
What did Anderson Cooper cover last
what are the passed laws of this year so far?
Is America going into a another war
Is Taylor Swift dating anyone
What is the lastest on NAFTA talks
Who won the popular vote this election
why did stocks crash today?
Who won the Kenya elections
What am I doing today
Was anyone hurt in Charlottesville
what happened with the BP oil spill
who is running for president
Did they catch the guy who attacked the girl on the trail near my house
What is the state of our economy
Did they find the missing girl in Jacksonville?
what is the that stock price for kroger today
What are the lotto numbers from last night?
did anyone die in florida
is there a chance of a nuclear war starting
when did Natalie Holloway disappear
pause all timers running.
Stop my timer alarm
mute the countdown please
Pause the current timer and delete. Start new timer for 45-minutes
Please turn off the timer.
stop timer and restart from the beginning.
Suspend the timer
Turn timer off.
Stop the new timer
pause the timeout timer
Pause this timer please
please mute timer
Pause that timer immediately.
stop the timer
Shut off my timer
suspend my current timer
Please pause the timer, and start timing in 10 minutes.
Timer pause
Read the details about President Zuma of South Africa
What NFL players are in the news
Details on the elections please
Details on the hurricane that hit Florida
Did Jack get sentenced today?
Add 'eggs' to my 'buy coffee' reminder
Add a note to the reminder to not forget my paperwork
add 'buy eggs' to reminder
Add driver license renewal to my errands reminder tomorrow
Adjust the reminder about baking a vanilla cake this Saturday to baking a chocolate cake.
add cleaning the bathroom to my to-do reminder for tomorrow
Add the list of diet food in all the reminders about grocery shopping
When will my next alarm start
Can you display the list of alarms?
what alarms are on right now?
Show me any repeating alarms I have set
Can you show me all the alarms which have been set
How much time is left on my alarm
how much longer til my alarm goes off?
how long until the next alarm
My alarm, right now
How much time until alarm goes off
I want to see all alarms for Friday
Can you display my golf alerts
view alarms
how much times is left on alarm
Bring up list of all alarms
What alarms are currently set?
What are my alarms for weekend
Show current alarm reminder
When is my next alarm?
What alarms do I have called mymeds? Show me.
Show me my alarms for this week, please
Add 15 more minutes to the time
Add 30 more seconds to my timer.
add 22 minutes to the Macaroni timer
add ten minutes to my timer
add five minutes to the timer
add 3 and a half minutes to timer
ADD 10 MINUTES TO MY TIMER,
Extend my running timer by 10 minutes.
make this timer longer by 2 hours
add 2 more minutes to this timer
Add 8 minutes to the timer
Add an hour to my timer
lengthen that timer by 4 hours and 10 minutes
Add two minutes to my timer
Add five minutes on to my work out timer.
add 45 minutes to sleep timer
increase my timer by 15 seconds
make timer longer by 15 minutes
Please add 9 minutes to dryer timer
ADD 1.5 MINUTES TO THE TIMER
Add 2 minutes to timer in 22 minutes.
Add another 5 minutes to timer 1
Add an additional 5 minutes to my current timer
add 2 minute to the Vacuum timer
add 16 minutes to my timer
Add 20 minutes to the timer.
how long was my run
How much time remains for my workout
how long has it been on the timer?
How much time left on current timer for jogging?
how many minutes left
how many timers are going
How long have I been running for
Is the timer still running?
what is the time on the current timer
Timer status update
show timer left on phone
Let me see remaining time on smoke break timer.
Has time already ran out?
Review yesterdays labels and times for me
What is my timer status?
How long has the timer been going?
when is the timer scheduled to start?
how much longer do the cookies need to bake
check all my timers.
how many minutes do i have left on my timer?
show how long on Stop brewing timer
what was the last timer I set
remaining time please?
what's going on with my timer
how long on Your nap is over timer
Let me know how much time is remains on my timer
show timer balance
how much time is left on the timer?
how much longer do i have on my food timer
What is left on my current timer
how much time remaining?
How much time do I have before I leave?
what time will the timer go off
How much time is left on the work timer?
How long until my time is up
how much time left on my timer
how much time left
return to ongoing timer
What is the status of the time on the timer
Is my timer done yet?
How much time is left on current timer?
Fast forward this song
Jump to the middle of the current song
Fast forward this selection
Fast forward to the end
fast forward
please use spotify as my default
Let's setup my music app as google play music
I would like tidal as my default
Pandora should be set as my default music app.
play on google play music by default
Only use apple music as my music app
use amazon for my default
change default music app to spotify
Set Pandora up as my default music app please
Can Pandora be my music application
Friends of Alex and John
does thomas know any of my friends?
mutual friends of Dawn and me
Mine and Mark's friends
Who is online that I know
Tell me if Carla from my entrepreneur group is on line ?
Who in my contact list is available
tell me  who is online
I want to see who's around
is mark online
I need to see who's available
I need to know who is available
tell me who is online that i know
Who is active right now?
Who is available to call right now?
Is Lois okay to be called at the moment?
Is Johnny available?
is susan online now
Show me who is ready
Anyone online now?
show me who is free
display who is online
Tell me who is online that I know.
who is available on messenger
show who's free
friends online
show me my available friends
Who is on line at the Facebook now?
Who's online
do i have any friends online
SHOW WHO IS AVAILABLE CURRENTLY
any friends online
show all available
Is my dad online?
Are Mike & Glenn online now?
Is sam online?
Which of my brothers is online right now?
who just got online
Among my family, who is online now?
Who logged in online last?
is my sister available online
list online family members.
Please show available contacts
Are there any of my friends online?
Seek all available
Are any of my friends online right now
Who was online yesterday ?
Show me who is live on messenger so I can talk to them right now this instant
Tell me who is online from my sisters
tell me who just went online
Spotify I want you to stop
stop playlist
Please close Spotify playlist
Turn my music off
I'm done listening to music.
Turn the music off
text Matthew and Helen that are you free
i want you to start recording a video message for Amelia
I need you to message Zachary Fletcher
let's start recording a video message for Sean
Please record a video message for kid
message Angela and tell her that the movie marathon is at Gloria's house in Overland Park
Id like you to send a video
Start recording for a video message to Macie Larita
Message Reggie to ask him what time he will arrive.
MESSAGE DENNIE AND LET HER KNOW I WOULD LIKE TO MEET FOR LUNCH TOMORROW.
please send my family text
Send a happy birthday message to dad.
Send a message to Kevin asking if he has heard from my husband.
Message Morgan's friends that we will have a surprise party for her on September 5th at 8pm
record a video message for Chana Stamps
respond to Kamryn with a video
text Katey and Helen that are you free
message laurie that i am on the ferry and will be 20 minutes late
send a message to darryl saying so sorry i just heard the news
Ask Taylor if she plans on going to the Luke Bryan concert in August.
Would you can you send video message to Stevie on WhatsApp
message my mother that i am at 1099 crescent lane in kent ohio 44240
Message Mom that I will meet her at the mall after work.
Start recording a video message for Michaele Kant.
respond with a video message
Ask Jenny to meet us at the nearest library
message steve and ask if he wants to have breakfast next week
respond to Laura Mcintosh Evans with a video message
Please message Glenn to let him know we're at the firepit, and we will be here until 10:00 tonight
Send a message to Linda that i'm looking forward to our lunch tomorrow.
Send a message to Sara to find out what time the Drake concert starts on Thursday.
can you please send message to Maddie and Duane Reade
Record a video message for father.
Message Rhonda Ask her details about Vacation Bible School in July
Begin a video message for Bryan.
Message Daniel and tell him I want to meet up at Juliet
tell matt w i miss him
Message Kim asking if Elizabeth has left the party yet
can you send Kirk and Debbie text
send a message to shady oaks thread that says are you free
I'd like to send a message to Carly asking if she got the kitten gif.
I need you to text Steve
send a message to my sister Suzanne and tell her the Jones are coming on Friday
reply to Enzo with a video message
I would like you to video message Maya
Send a message to Chrystal asking for directions to her house.
send a video to Kevin L Finley
let's record a video message for sue with instructions
i'd like to leave a video message now
ask Melanie if I can come September 5th
Message Carrie, letting her know that you will be at the Thanksgiving get together.
I want to send a video message to my brother.
can you send the bridesmaids thread text
record a video message for my dad
Send message to Tami and tell her to meet us at  the Broncos stadium section B.
can you please send text to the development group
video message Carlos
Message Trina to ask her if she is going to meet me at the pizza shop later
Would you can you send text to Stacy on Messenger
Text Mom and tell her Ill be at the show Next Thursday
Send message to Darrell that I will meet him at the 5k near the park.
i would like to message that video to Terry, Jacqueline, and Mark
I'd like to record and send a video message to June
I'm going tonight to the comedy hour, message my friends
send that video to Eric, Jerry Ward, and Jim
reply to Adam with a video message
respond to my family with message
Message Mom and tell her that I am late due to traffic.
i want to leave Eric a video recording
Message Mabel and ask her to milk the cows before I come home
Ask Mike if he will be home by 9.
Send a message to Mark to RSVP yes for 2 to his graduation party Saturday.
can I video message Diana
would you video message Kyle Coleman and John
Message my Algebra professor and tell him I need help with my homework.
Message out to Jennie and Candy that the Rock and Roll dance off is taking place this Friday
Please make a video message of me then send it to Justin.
message Mini Mouse, Kari and Sparks something that says on my way
send
ask Jeff to add Mark to the office group
text on my way to Tony and Anna
Send a message to the fishing guide that I want to book a trip.
Send mom a message saying the traffic is bad
Would you record video message for Norberto Vancise
ask the nanny to bring Sophie
Message Tom and Karen and tell them the party location is now next door to the original place.
Text Lizz and ask her where she is in sangertown
I need you to message Denny
video message Alana
Send a message asking what time they want to go to the Santa Monica Pier?
please send Tad on WhatsApp that are you free
Please message Jemima that I will join her for the weekend lunch.
can you message everyone in my family if they want to grab drinks for my birthay
Create a video message  for Malika.
My daughter Jennifer needs motivation so send a video recording message to her.
Message Trina via video message.
message my mother that I will be able to attend the 4th of July Event with her.
tell julie that I can't find the details anywhere for her coffee clatch event
Send message via Facebook
ask angie how far away she is from my current location
Send a note to Mandy that I hope she will go to the Wednesday night concert with me tonight at the Regional Park.
Message Ben to see if he can come to my birthday party
Let Kallies know that the bridge is under construction and she cannot pass
video message Hayes
Record a video message for Bobbi Beth.
send Dave a message saying I will be 15 minutes late
video message Jonas
text John Peterson and Gavin that on my way
Let Don know I will be delayed in arriving at the concert due to an unforeseen emergency.
Record a video message for Harper Lane.
Please record this video message for Milo
send a message to jeff saying he looked hot today
Message Elizabeth that I will take her to the Halie's birthday party on Sunday
Message I can't get off work.
Ask Jennifer if she will be able to go to the parade on Sunday.
text on my way to Tony and Paul
send message on Messenger
Send Leah a message reminding her that Family Days is in two weeks and her deposit is due.
Tell Dirk the poetry reading at the cafe is on Wednesday.
can you record a video message for Dessie Menapace
sent message we will be arriving around home around 6pm
Message Maddy and remind her to meet me at Quick Trip at 4
Send a video message
Message Lisa and tell her to avoid I-50. There was an accident.
text are you free to Briana and Robert
I need you to launch a new video message for my mom
message Austin to pick up eggs and milk
Message Sally to meet me in the lobby at 5:00.
please record a video message for Dana Thompson and Bernie
Send a message saying that I am still planning on coming but will be late
i would like to message Rebecca and Everett text
reply to the coworker thread with text
Message to grandma to be at our house by 5:00 PM
Message Sue and tell her I'm right around the corner.
Message Ruth to ask if she has any plans for 4th of July.
send a message to village chat that says are you free
send John on WhatsApp a message saying talk to you later
Send a video message to Layla.
I need you to send that message on Facebook
text erica and brian and tell them I have an extra ticket to the dodgers game in 2 weeks
Please send message to Mark and explain to him that i had no choice.
video message on Messenger
Tell Brianna that the end of school party is at Ashley's house on June 12th
can you record a video message for Vesta Imhof
Message Krystal that I don't want to do this anymore.
I wanna text Julianna and tell her I am awake and here to help
can you send a video
Message Vi to let her know we'll be on our way there soon.
can you send a vide message to my grandparents
Message Tyler he is going to cook burgers and brats
message la masseria and ask if they found the ring i lost
i would like to message the text to the star wars thread
Send a message to Ricky and let him know the traffic lights are out Cleveland, so I'm not sure when I'll make it to work this morning.
can you please send text to the cristin bachelorette group
respond to Thiago with a video
i want you to record a video message for my son jess
Message Jen to thank her for the online gift.
send Bill that Facebook text
Create a video message for Victoria with plan options for dinner with family next week
Message Cole asking if he locked the front door
message Gary to see if he found my cat
Message Stinky Pete asking him if he wants to ride along with Paul and me to this years Alumni dinner.
i would like to message that video to Anna, Julia Peterson, and Jose
Would you record video message for Mario
Tell Dad that the movie has changed from 5pm tonight to 7:30pm.
Send a message to Nicholas asking if he's feeling okay.
I would like you to send a video message
Ask Jana if she's coming to dinner.
Message Mom and see if shes coming over.
inform derek that i will meet him at the corner in 5
send Jill a message saying the courts at Moonlight are full, let's play at Cottonwood park instead
Let Buffi know there will be 2 of us coming to Bill's retirement party on Sunday.
can you send Darren the Messenger video message
Tell my cousins I cant make it to the concert tomorrow.
Send reminder message to Brad to lock the house
Send a message to Mary Jo asking what she is bringing to Jayme's potluck.
send Eric that text on WhatsApp
let my dad know in the message iw ill get the ice cream
Ask my aunt what day the strawberry farm opens.
message a video message to Mia
Message Carry to find out if she is participating in the Wellness Walk on Sunday
let's record a birthday video message for John
message bob and diana that i am bringing wine
Let my friends know that I'll be away from Friday night until Monday morning
please send a video message to my father Barry Steltz
