Has Angelika Kratzer video messaged me?
Maricopa County weather forecast for this week
When will my next alarm start
text Matthew and Helen that are you free
what  ingredients do is have left
I am no longer available
Cancel my reminder about my dentist appointment
I would like a news update.
Read Health newreport please
Set alarm
make an alarm go off tomorrow morning
What reminders do I have on Friday?
Remind me to finish the report by September 8th at 7pm.
I need a recipe for easy banana bread
Who does Trump consider to be allies
show me video messages from Atlas
Tell me some events happening tonight in Seattle
Find music by Adele
I want to listen to AC/DC please
What time did I call Mum yesterday?
Lets start a regular alarm for Monday 7pm.
call granddaughter on Whatsapp video chat
remind me to call mom tonight at 5.
Tell me how's the rainfall today ?
End call with grandson
Find me tennis matches in Seattle this month
can i get a maritime forecast
please create a party playlist for me
Remind me to put out the trash Tuesday night.
Create a new timer alert
i want you to start recording a video message for Amelia
Is there rain forecasted in Panama City, FL next week?
Start a video chat with Scott and Tomas
Are there any sports games in May
Set up a reminder for buying cat food.
Australia's forecast, thanks.
Hang up on my parents
I would like you to set an alarm
Don't answer calls from Frank.
Where did Michael Jackson die?
Please play 'Play that Song' by Train on Pandora
what are my reminders for tomorrow
Who is Amanda
time me for the next 60 seconds
What temperature is french fries cooked at
what are the news headlines
what is the weather like in Charlotte
Cancel reminder for Dentist
add sis to the call
Fix the reminder I have to take the dogs to the vent from 4pm to 5pm.
How long do I bake a pound cake
who is Shakira's husband?
Any events on Christmas day
Remind to make a counseling appointment
how long was my run
who is Chris?
Is my reminder for tomorrow in the morning?
Please cancel all alarms set for Sunday.
Add a new alarm that repeats every Sunday arvo at 3pm
pause this playlist
How old is Lia?
when is it going to rain
Show me anyone friends with GGB
What is in chicken soup
when is dawn monday
WhatsApp call Matias Gould
How much money does NBC getting from big pharma?
Set up a reminder to pick up Lilly from ballet in 3 hours.
What's the nutritional value of parsley leaves
Will we get a frost this week?
when is the next news on Fox News tonight?
I need you to message Zachary Fletcher
How hot is it in Houston tomorrow morning in degrees f
let's start recording a video message for Sean
fairs happening in ann arbor next week
call cousin mark
Does Tina work at Kaiser Permanente?
set alarm for every 3 minutes
create alarm for 6h35
Time to talk to George Roy James please
make a timer for 18 minutes and one for 20 minutes
create a reminder on august 30 that ozarks new season starts august 31
gluten free cookie recipe
I want to hear Daniel Caesar's latest album
what's in a burrito
add John to the following call
Please play Drummer Boy by Pentatonix
what is happening tonight
can you set an alarm for 10 seconds from now
Set two reminders, one for one hour and another for three hours before the meeting.
How long does milk last
When did Sam get his diploma?
how do you make alfredo sauce
Change to salsa music.
i would like an alarm for 5 this evening
please cancel my reminder to buy bacon
Play a little German Hip-Hop music
Set the alarm for the flight next week
Start a video call with Lodi uncles.
Only answer that call if it’s from Jupiter Bank
Newyear activities
what's going on in Roanoke this weekend
going to Grilled Cheese Grand Prix
What is the weather like over Christmas?
Make an alarm for the next 7 weeks for Thursday at 6pm
Will it be around 11 degree Celsius in Dehli tomorrow morning
Play Colors by Halsey on Pandora
Set the alarm for Friday 8am
Play some David Garrett
what is in an enchilada
Please call Ahmad A Wu
can you answer the video call from nephews?
find me some meatless pasta dishes
What reminders are there about Girl's weekend?
Can you delete my client reminders for the next week?
Can you call Franky Annalise Richmond
Any Donald trump stories for today
Snooze alarm
please play my favorite playlist
Remind me of the soccer game that is today at 3pm.
Call boyfriend
What is Emily's occupation?
Please record a video message for kid
Remove the reminder for Rob's soccer practice on Sunday
Call Catherine Ewing Gibson for me
What time will it rain in Seattle on Monday?
call the third one
What should I do in Philadelphia tomorrow night
Alarm set in ten minute intervals starting now
Add 'eggs' to my 'buy coffee' reminder
What kind of mushrooms should I pair with my sirloin steak
Where does Doug work
What is the current news regarding Trump?
do not bother me
Concerts in Seattle this weekend
Cancel my reminder on thursday
What temperature should cookies be baked at
WhatsApp call Jayce Haynes
Remind me to get eggs after work tonight.
Show me the hour by hour temperature changes throughout the day
Do I need to defrost chicken before putting it in the crock pot
who is Tina D. smith?
I want an alarm for 2pm.
play hip hop songs
Tell me the weather for 1300hrs on Monday
message Angela and tell her that the movie marathon is at Gloria's house in Overland Park
What is the Washington Posts top headline for today?
Where does Mandy work?
Remove the reminder for the family meeting tomorrow.
is it going to rain tomorrow morning
How much time remains for my workout
call Camille number two
Don't play this song anymore, please
play a kpop playlist
Who is online that I know
What kind of event is Bark in the Park?
Provide me the recent news headlines?
How many calories are on the brown rice
search for a specific music
recipes with no meat or cheese
Remind me to look for Linda's Facebook post about ceramics this afternoon.
Set a timer in 10 minutes
Find me an Polish recipe please
will it be humid tomorrow
create reminder about milk
how do i make salsa
Find Juice WRLD covers.
Is Susan single?
remind me that i work tuesday morning and again thursday morning at 9am
What's next week weather in Vegas
Id like you to send a video
What are the weather conditions in Chicago on Tuesday
Start recording for a video message to Macie Larita
will it snow today?
is it going to snow tonight?
what is the percentage of rain for today?
spotify play drake's newest album
on whatsapp call Addilyn Boyd's cell
Move the reminder about float decorating from tonight to next Sunday
Message Reggie to ask him what time he will arrive.
SHOULD I TAKE AN UMBRELLA TODAY?
Delete reminder for jacket.
Does vegan meat have to be cooked long
Delete the reminder about the book club
MESSAGE DENNIE AND LET HER KNOW I WOULD LIKE TO MEET FOR LUNCH TOMORROW.
Names of people who work at Clarus
ingredient list for blueberry muffins
please send my family text
Remind me to order Ellie's school supplies this week.
Add 15 more minutes to the time
Please tell me about today's news.
Remind me to send Dean's care package on the 20th.
Call Stephen
What is the temperature going to be tonight?
Add 30 more seconds to my timer.
Will it rain tomorrow?
I want to hear classical music.
Did Stacey try and call me today?
current sweden news
Tell me if Carla from my entrepreneur group is on line ?
Remind me to call grandma
do I need baking soda for making cookies
How many cups of flour to make a small pizza
My status is available
save this song to my good playlist
How long has Abigail been a nurse?
Can you set a timer for a minute
News about Sean Spicer
Insert alarm for the 20th, tomorrow at 1 in the morning
Send that theater event to Bailey
set an alarm for thursday at 6
Send a happy birthday message to dad.
Call mom
Tell me a recipe for no bake cookies
When did Sam start univesity?
Bring up all my pet grooming reminders for September and October.
I want to hear Taylor swift
play pop
Remind me to leave for my car emissions test at 7:30am on Friday.
Cancel my reminder to get groceries
how do I make a grilled cheese sandwich
Send a message to Kevin asking if he has heard from my husband.
Give me the forecast for Belfast
I like health
how long has it been on the timer?
Things to do in Venice Beach today
Drop Michelle from this call
Are there any traffic news
shuffle Hitstory
Please make a call to my parents now
Show info for the person calling me right now
how do I make cheese pizza
remove the reminder about jessicas appointment as she doesnt need to go anymore
call Suarez and Davis
Can you check if it's there's any sunshine tomorrow?
What's the weather outside right now?
spotify play hasan's hip hop playlist
Set an alarm for 3:15 tomorrow.
On Friday night what music events are happening in Alachua
Set alarm for 5am tomorrow
call Izabella 's father
Message Morgan's friends that we will have a surprise party for her on September 5th at 8pm
read me the top international stories
Delete all reminders for this weekend.
Who are Jennifer's friends?
who works for the public library?
call my father River Robertson on WeChat
Place a call to Karen on Messenger
Delete the reminder to meet him for lunch tomorrow.
tell everyone that i am available
Who in my contact list is available
my friends are still in oklahoma city right?
Any latest news about North Korea?
Set an alarm for every 2 and a half minutes
Call Ebony
Shut the alarm off
set a reminder to me my dad on Thursday at 7 pm
Any major news stories
How much water goes in smoothie
Play Steppenwolf
Set timer for one hour
can you call Hudson Garza using WhatsApp
Switch to call with my mother
let's call Katherine on Hangouts
What ingredients are in Beef Wellington
Who is the lead singer of this band.
Please add Jim to the current call.
Remove two minutes from the current timer
What is he weather outside like right now
Please read me the details of the OJ Simpson hearing about found Not Guilty?
Give me the weather forecast for Christmas in Tallinn
when will Josh graduate?
play some 2015 rap music
at what temperature do you cook baked chicken at
call my Whatsapp contact Russell
Please tell me the information of my calls today
Does John work in Wayne?
Are allies of the US preparing to defend Guam?
Create a reminder for Uncle Bill to call Traci this Wednesday about the cottage.
How much time left on current timer for jogging?
can you play a country music song
could you set an alert for 6 pm?
I would like to know the news from Newsy
Weather in South America in November
What is going on in the news tonight?
ring child's cell
Is it below 26 in degree C menlo park tomorrow morning
Create alarms for 8 and 9 in the mornings.
set up a reminder at 12pm today
When the sunset
How is the weather looking on the 11th June in Janalli in the morning?
record a video message for Chana Stamps
respond to Kamryn with a video
set a timer for  movies
What is the weather like in Colorado this time of year
Play a different playlist
Latest Donald Trump news
call Mackenzie Stevens on video on Whatsapp
Tell me who works at lush
Any baseball matches tomorrow night
Set alarm 3 minutes from now
Has Lila Kiritsy sent me any messages?
Remind me to prep the paintings for the exhibit on Friday, September 14 at 10amPT
i want to hear Lonestar 92.5 on iheartradio
text Katey and Helen that are you free
Create a reminder for Mom that she has a doctor's appointment tomorrow.
How's the weather gonna be on Thursday?
Play Depeche Mode, Black Celebration
Things going on in Des Moines
Kid friendly music
Are there going to be clouds today?
how many minutes left
delete timer 1
Where can I find live music performances in Chicago next week
Please add Sebastiano to this call
How cold is it going to get this week?
Will it snow on Christmas Eve?
Did Tonya work at Chipotle before Google?
What temperature for a chocolate cake to back at
open Spotify and play In The Lonely Hour (Deluxe Edition)
How long do I bake chicken for
please play a r&b radio station on pandora
where does Mable live?
Set a reminder for the Martin Family reunion 3 months before October 17th.
ignore all calls from Lee
Add a note to the reminder to not forget my paperwork
what city does Ahmed live in ?
fix my couscous timer
display my messages from my friend
message laurie that i am on the ferry and will be 20 minutes late
What time does the class reunion invitation reminder show?
Repeat the last song immediately
Set my timer to 2am
Get Jesse on this call
send a message to darryl saying so sorry i just heard the news
News recap for yesterday
call Tandra Klei 's nephew
Is it true that John lives in Houston?
call 6745557224 on my Pixel
Ask Taylor if she plans on going to the Luke Bryan concert in August.
I'd like to call Mary M Welch
can you take 11 minutes from my Face mask timer
Will I need a sweater tonight?
Set up my alarm to go off every week on Tuesday mornings at 8.15am.
would you make an alarm for 5 minutes from now
how hot should oil be for frying fish
I want to see dog-friendly events in Des Moines
How much rain should I expect today
Are there conflict of interests between the mainstream media and big pharma or the FDA?
Anyone I know from Milwaukee
leave this conversation and switch to the incoming call from my stepsister Joe
did i set a reminder for the farmers market on wednesday?
Alexa, can you do a favor for me, delete the ticket book reminder for Las Vegas.
Telephone Jo.
Set the alarm every minute for 4 hours
Have Eric and Lauren messaged me today
What are the top headlines from the Los Angeles Times
Are there details to the plane crash that occurred in Virginia?
Where did Steve Jobs grow up?
Get rid of all alarms
Tell me about the latest hurricane news about the Atlantic Ocean
How long should I bake chicken in the oven
Would you can you send video message to Stevie on WhatsApp
show me as busy
How much rain did we get last night
add picking up the cat's meds to my reminders for friday
how many timers are going
Clear and erase all timers
can you alert me 15 minutes before today's baseball game at 630?
Play me sublime radio
please use spotify as my default
Please read me latest news for Ft. Lauderdale.
remind me to tell mom that john will be arriving late
ALERT ME IN 10 MINUTES TO LEAVE
i am unaccessible
How old is hesham ?
set alarm october 10th
What's happening in Chicago this weekend
Do I know somebody living in Hawaii
Open my Spotify playlists
Hold all calls.
message my mother that i am at 1099 crescent lane in kent ohio 44240
Change all birthday alerts to 4 pm.
What time is it going to snow tomorrow?
Message Mom that I will meet her at the mall after work.
read me the national news headlines
What is the nutrition info for chicken
Was there any breaking news today?
Start recording a video message for Michaele Kant.
Remind me to renew license plates
Friends of Alex and John
friends of my son
create a new alarm for me for Thursday at 8am
Set reminder to put out trash on Thursday
I want to listen to Chris Brown's last album
set reminder for tomorrow at 6 am
Temperature using Fahrenheit
make a playlist called Late Night Vibes
Please skip to next song
Quit it
play WNBC on iheartradio
Remind me to book a car for our trip
create alarm for 8h15
Have Ella and Zachary Fletcher messaged me today
Anything to do tonight
When did Jane video call me?
respond with a video message
Bring the call to a stop
snooze this alarm for one hour
Do I need my winter coat in November in New York?
Are there any rugby games next month in Glendale
Is there dairy in sorbet
Where in kent does lisa live
Where has the Navy stationed my little brother Nathan this year?
Any cool events in downtown Silver Spring for the weekend
swap calls now
Set a timer for 45 minutes please.
Remind me to follow up with Suzie about the newsletter Friday afternoon.
events happening in kona tonight
can i hear the local entertainment news
What goes into a lasagna
is it still hazy in Seattle?
don't want to hear this song please move forward.
Begin a 15 minute time at 1:00 pm
Could you tell me the weather of Colorado?
Top entertainment news
How hot is it at Manila today degrees Fahrenheit
Events in Seattle for this Friday
where in Nebraska does leslie live?
Remind me to give puppy medicine
What is the surf advisory?
switch call to full screen
What is the song called
interested in going to the first event
Please give me details about Donald Trump newest member in the White House.
Ask Jenny to meet us at the nearest library
i need a 6 minute timer
Show the past three reminders.
What's the humidity
I wanna snooze the alarm to give me 15 more minutes sleep
News from the last hour.
recent articles about maroon 5
Latest US political news please
Create an appointment alarm for 11:30am.
Set a timer to exercise for 60 minutes.
make an alarm for Wednesday
add 22 minutes to the Macaroni timer
Who am I listening to right now
Find paleo recipe for pizza
add ten minutes to my timer
search for people who are working for Rolls Royce.
Why did Trump do that
Who works at Creekside Animal Clinic?
How long have I been running for
What is the weather in Seattle this morning
play mariah carey's greatest hits
Create a playlist for my grandma's birthday party
Make me appear offline
Send Comic Con to Mary
Is the timer still running?
remove husband from call
what is the humidity today
Find the hit song of the week in the dance category
will i need sunglasses today
tell me  who is online
Temperature tomorrow at Beijing Celsius
What do I add to lasagna
snooze alarm for 3 minutes
Is there any events happening in Dallas
play A Day To Remember on iheartradio
start my walk timer for 5 minutes
iheartradio 981 K D D
How warm is it near Dublin tonight in degrees celcius
Change phonecall reminder to 3 pm CST instead of 3 pm PST.
let me see my video messages from my dad Dylan
Do I have any reminders for Saturday
Remind me to pick up my vegetables and to clean them before putting them in the fridge.
I want to see who's around
change it to video call please
Please delete the reminder to fix my dryer
What is the weather at 11pm?
Read the reminders for Tim's medical appointments
make a group call to family
Who sang No problem
Please find my friends name that works at Starbucks
Display reminders for me.
Create a reminder for each one of my trips out of town next week to repack my suitcase
Remove dad from this phone call.
Things to do in Orlando
Please set an alarm for 8am tomorrow
What are the top headlines in Entertainment
My mom should be removed from this video chat
message steve and ask if he wants to have breakfast next week
time this sprint
respond to Laura Mcintosh Evans with a video message
Is there a chance for tornadoes this weekend?
Set an Early bird alarm for tomorrow morning at six.
Move reminder to trash
play the band Lil Uzi Vert
Wind advisory for today
what temperature is a steak at medium rare
I need a cupcake recipe
Set alarm for three hours from now.
Delete the reminder for the broadway show on August 4th.
where does Pam live
what is the latest update on the hernandez murder trial
read me all the headlines from this weekend that i missed
Should I bring sunscreen with me?
concerts in knoxville in december
Which day of the week at the least chance of storms
how many different trump news stories were there today
whats the weather today
Set my reminder to pick up my sister
call Cami Lawrenz 's mom
speak to my grandma Willow
what is the percentage chance for rain?
rain chances for Orlando tomorrow evening please?
is hail in the forecast for Waco
When is the first day of spring here
Please message Glenn to let him know we're at the firepit, and we will be here until 10:00 tonight
Did Lua message me yesterday?
remind me to call sherry tuesday night at 7pm
remind me to visit eye doctor Monday morning at 11am
Parties in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve
Pop playlist.
can you dial Mila on WhatsApp
Pause the track
set my status as interested for Brickpalooza
What is the major environmental news
any new news of donald trump
what is the time on the current timer
call sibling on Whatsapp video chat
Anybody I know that works for NYFW?
Set me an alarm at 4PM to call my mum.
Can you display the list of alarms?
Do I have any reminders regarding Mommy before Friday?
tell me who works at Winn Dixie
Display Mr. Elvert uncles birthdays on the screen
Tell me what's in the news today
Where did Troy go to college?
remind me to send flowers to my mom next mothers day
Send a message to Linda that i'm looking forward to our lunch tomorrow.
low temperature on Friday
remind me that i have a dentist appointment one week prior
play rock and roll
Set alarm for tonight at 5 pm
how long has judi been with tupperware?
Where is Donald Trump traveling today
Find me an easy recipe for Chicken Parm
Read me the recent sports headlines
dont want to talk
Will it be warmer than 70 degrees tomorrow?
what are the current wind speeds
hold this call
invite Bob to call
Send a message to Sara to find out what time the Drake concert starts on Thursday.
how many eggs do I need for a chocolate cake
what is the weather in Vegas like next week?
when was my last exterminator reminder
I need good dance music for my guests
play lana del ray's top hits playlist
What can I cook with rice
Read the messages from yesterday.
I want to know the latest news
Houston top news
pause all timers running.
What are the latest headlines in The Economist
What are the headlines saying about Donald Trump right now
Make a new alarm for tommorow night at 8pm.
remind me to call vet on monday for scotts rabie shot
Set up a reminder for watering the plants.
List all the South High alumni on my friends list.
How do you make pork carnitas
Do I have any friends that went to Humbolt State?
Change my 'Murdock Mysteries' alarm to start on June 5th
What the weather going to be like today?
Tell me how to make a Cornish game hen
Tell me the latest news on the Rideout verdict.
I need a recipe for steak marinade
do I know anyone in Michigan?
can you please send message to Maddie and Duane Reade
Headlines on CNN
call my wife Brianna Anderson through WhatsApp
Take the alert off for the reminder about the photoshoot on Tuesday.
Temperature next week tokyo Fahrenheit
what is the forecast for florida beaches?
What is the latest national political news headline?
Can you get more events similar to this please?
Cancel my reminder for Friday's dinner date
headlines for Hawaii
Set up a reminder to pay tuition tonight.
I don't want to forget to watch the latest press conference
Where is Pam living?
Delete the reminders about calling Dad.
Set status to out
latest stock market news
Any things to do in Bay ridge tonight
Recipe for sweet potato soup
What is the final cooking time for pork
Delete the reminder to meet with Carlos tomorrowat 10am.
Display availability
Record a video message for father.
Remind me where is my appointment
I want to video call my uncle Phillip
what kind of clothes do i need tonight?
Let's setup my music app as google play music
2 week weather forecast
How much is it going to snow in New York City?
Set an alarm for July 2nd
How many calories are in a red velvet cup cake
Please phone my sister
How bad are the fires in oregon
Set an alarm for 4:00am, 5:00am, and 6:00am
Can you play some country music?
Will it rain into the night?
Remind me to call Nate tomorrow
remove 10 minutes from today's timer
remind my kids to buckle their seat belts before leaving the driveway
Which of Krista A. Selvaggi kids were born on the 25th?
Anything to do tomorrow in Braintree
What is the forecast for Manhattan today?
Message Rhonda Ask her details about Vacation Bible School in July
Show me the reminders for Ava on her Gymnastics schedule in September
what alarms are on right now?
What is the weather like this morning?
Set an alarm for Friday at 5
Tell me about the weather today
Turn off video for this call
read me to breaking news for spring hill
Look up a tomato sauce recipe
remove jessica  and chris from this video call
Play something like Upchurch
I need to call my grandma on Sunday set reminder for 9am
create one timer for 60 seconds and a second for 17 minutes
how many tsp of salt are in a cake
Set an alarm for 12pm next tuesday
Play Money on Pandora
Can you find and play Impreska, Vol 19 by Usher?
I want you to tell me the location of the second event
Should I send my son to school in a jacket?
Who is Shirley's mother?
What's the weather like
What did Anderson Cooper cover last
Is there flooding in New Orleans?
Updates on the latest FBI investigation news
Who are my friends
call Clarence Jabbour 's son
tell me where does Andrea go to college
Did MJ text me today?
Will it be sunny or cloudy tomorrow?
Show me this week's weather please
what are the passed laws of this year so far?
remind me to get extra food and treats for the dogs
Set up a reminder for Ashkin to do his homework.
What's the recent news about the solar eclipse happening next week
Do I know anyone who lives in Sacramento?
call Sloane 's kid
Begin a video message for Bryan.
delete 2 minutes from steve's running timer
play ME! (feat. Brendon Urie of Panic! At The Disco) on iHeartRadio
Set an alarm.
How to saute mushroom
what are the latest headlines from MSNBC
I'd like to call Fernando Damien Sanders
Show all Glenda Wulfing fathers-in-law upcoming birthdays
create alarm for 830
Want to hear about news
on whatsapp call grandfather
What is the weather for next Friday in Idaho Falls
Stop my timer alarm
how do i make chicken francese
anything to do in Portland tonight
Message Daniel and tell him I want to meet up at Juliet
Set reminder for swim meet for September 15th
past calls with grace
and and acknowledge new call
Timer status update
Remind me to take my birth control.
Is Gary Mary's friend?
reduce timer by 6 minutes
tell matt w i miss him
north Korea news
recommend events that are popular
Ignore calls from my dad
play stressed out
Set a roast is ready alarm for 4pm today
Ring dad
who is the friend that lives closest to me
Message Kim asking if Elizabeth has left the party yet
Do the kids need their raincoats today?
please leave and switch calls
please make a lunch time alarm for 12pm tomorrow
Is America going into a another war
Is anyone I know going to Demonology 101?
Favorite this track.
put up an alarm for 15 minutes from now
Is there something to do on Friday
I would like tidal as my default
What is today's lows?
mark me as going to Bark in the Park
Delete timer
How's the weather in Santa Ana, California?
ping Matthew Mckee
call Sarah U
add kelly to the current call
can you send Kirk and Debbie text
Remind me to buy tickets for Smackdown the day before they go on sale
send a message to shady oaks thread that says are you free
set a timer for 15 minutes
is mark online
Remind me to email Urmila about the job opportunity
could you call Mariana's mother Hadley Peterson
Please, restart timer.
What is the address of Linda's work?
I want to end the timer
Do I need long pants?
Who lives in Montreal
Please remind me for the next business meeting
resume my timer for ten minutes
Set a timer for an hour
is there cumin in this dish
call Declan Peck on Whatsapp video chat
how many carbs in a slice of cheese pizza
Start audio call with Gary
Set an alarm for 10:30am tomorrow.
Set alarms at 6 AM 6:15 AM 6:30 AM
How many carbs are in a cup of brown rice
This song is terrible, next?
Remind me to go pick up my prescriptions at 4:45PM next Wednesday.
Remind the band about the showcase on Saturday at 4 pm.
Remind me on the 3rd to transfer money from savings to checking.
How cold is it at Manila today in C
Where does Frank work?
Call my grandchild.
remind me to transfer money from bank one to capital one before the electric bill is due on the 12th
I'd like to send a message to Carly asking if she got the kitten gif.
Remind me to cancel my book club event for Wednesday
remember to call to cancel prescription for xm radio
Set my timer for running to 30 minutes
merge another call with this one
i don't want to forget to file the bug reports
What's happening in downtown OKC tonight
How old is Jenny?
How do I braid dough
How do I make pie crust
add 'buy eggs' to reminder
i dont want to be bothered right now
is it sleeting
Send reminder about booking catering tomorrow
please call Melissa Maldonado's niece
Who graduated from Yale?
show timer left on phone
please get rid of every reminder i had about bowling
I need you to text Steve
Remind me when it is 5 PM.
Any news about possible nuclear warfare breaking out
send a message to my sister Suzanne and tell her the Jones are coming on Friday
delete my reminder to clean the house at 9
start playing Major Lazer Essentials
Do i know people who live in phoenix
Remind me to leave for hair appointment at 10 am tomorrow.
can you show some of my past calls with chloe
create alarm for 6h00
Who video messaged me 10 days ago?
How do I pan-fry a medium rare steak
How many calories are in a pound of chicken breast
Could you please start up a call with Kira, Edward, and Ramon Barber
Should I bring a thick jacket?
What is the weather going to be in San Francisco at 3pm
Is it going to drop below freezing tonight?
reply to Enzo with a video message
read me the recent news headlines
Delete the meeting reminder.
Change the time of my phone meeting reminder for tomorrow to 2pm.
will I need warm clothes for dinner?
what is the max temp for this week
I want to know the ingredients for tomato bisque
Please call Chris once he leaves the restaurant
end call with sisters
play Nine Track Mind Deluxe on Spotify
What's Kate's current job?
set timer  for 2hours and 6 minutes
what is there to do tonight
carry on my timer
I would like you to video message Maya
anything happening today
Remind me to pick up the dry cleaning at 3:00 PM today.
Looking for something fun in South Lake Tahoe for next weekend
Send a message to Chrystal asking for directions to her house.
can i hear the album rumours by fleetwood mac
Need to call dentist now.
Repeat whole album
What is David's current home address?
Call to Peggy
Remind me to text mom the address to the party tonight.
play Luke Combs on google play music
Set a reminder to pick up a floral arrangement on Friday.
Restart this timer
Remind the team we need all signatures in by Friday at 5
resume timer in 30 minutes
Set alarm for 5 am tomorrow morning
play out loud
Add Grace to our conversation.
What were my reminders from this morning?
How hot should my grill be before grilling a steak
add five minutes to the timer
I need an alarm tomorrow at noon
what parties are there in new york tonight
i'd like to touch base with Collin Randolph
Show me any repeating alarms I have set
Let me see remaining time on smoke break timer.
stop call
Is there any recent news about Aaron Rodgers?
would you make an alarm for 10 minutes from now
please play me some pop music
When is my reminder to email Jon information?
Delete my most recent reminder.
Set in alarm in 30 minutes
Shuffle the new Kings of Leon album, please.
sound alarm at 1015h
Show me the list of reminders I have
could you call Thomas's auntie Henry Simpson
What will the weather in Big Sur be like this weekend?
Delete wake up timer
read me the top headline
socal news
what is the weather in boise idaho like in october?
what time does the sun set in New Orleans
lets see my texts from Adriel
whats my last reminder.
things to do in San Diego
send a video to Kevin L Finley
should I put on plimsolls tomorrow
who messaged me who is that
give me a seven day forecast
I'd like to end this call.
Were there any missed calls today
Do I need my rain coat today?
let's record a video message for sue with instructions
things to do in nyc today
How many cups of flour do I put in the batter
Has time already ran out?
parties tonight
call Marlin Scoble 's auntie
Do I have any reminders set for Friday
who knows where Jack lives now
does valorie have an employer
List 1st National Employees
What ingredient makes cookies soft
Show me video messages from my parents
Give me the news.
read me recent news
can you set an reminder for my sister to visit mom next friday 4pm
get me my niece Miss Palay
do i know anyone who went to havard
I need to see who's available
Tell me what the weather is doing in Sheffield.
Does Chase still work at Buda Juice
what is the weather suppose to be like today
Read me all of the reminders.
Delete my reminder for the play on Thursday.
set the timer to start and stop on the command of now
Can you show me all the alarms which have been set
What's the best way to fry chicken
ADD MOM INTO THE CURRENT LINE
play whitney houston's 2nd album
When is Anna finishing her school?
Who called last night at 10:00?
How much time is left on my alarm
Please create a 45 minute timer and name it guests please leave
i'd like to leave a video message now
can you add grandfather to my call
ask Melanie if I can come September 5th
Can you find me a good Greek recipe
Message Carrie, letting her know that you will be at the Thanksgiving get together.
Play jazz music.
Make a new alarm for a 4th at 6AM
What will the weather be like between April 30th and May 5th?
I don't want to miss the bus at 3 pm, can you send me an alter 15 minutes before
Will it freeze tomorrow
What's the temperature going to be today?
broadway plays playing in 2018 in New York City
I want to send a video message to my brother.
Set time out timer for one minute
I'd like an alarm for the banquet on Sunday at 5pm
create alarm for 0700
What is the name of the company that Rachel works for
I need to know who is available
How many calories are in a bagel
CAN YOU PLEASE PLAY NINE INCH NAILS ON SPOTIFY?
Delete my reminder for tomorrow's dinner.
Please tell me the forecast for the Gold Coast
set alarm to 9am
whats the celebrity news
pull up music library
Tell me the weather outside.
Delete the reminder to buy pens
drop baking timer please
Delete the homework reminder
Please set alarm 3pm January 30th.
call Thomas number two
Is it raining in Washington right now?
Have I set a reminder for September 5th at 6:30 PM?
Call my sister Lara.
can you send the bridesmaids thread text
call Whatsapp Gunnar
Remind me to pick up supplies after work.
What's the weather forecast for 3:00 PM.?
help set timer
What will tonight's temperature be
Is Taylor Swift dating anyone
let me see texts from Adelina
I have reserved tickets for Superstar Rajnikanth's new movie, for Saturday, September 1st, and I want you to remind me about it.
record a video message for my dad
On Monday what will the weather be like?
Set a bi weekly alarm for 7pm.on a tuesday
Is there a hurricane heading to the US?
Can you set a timer for one hour
what's happening next month in Cleveland
Remind me to get dog food tomorrow.
play the best pop station
Send message to Tami and tell her to meet us at  the Broncos stadium section B.
Set Timer Alarm for 15 minutes after start
what is the weather going to be like on wednesday?
do me an alarm named 'party' for wednesday at 10pm
Set a weekly alarm for 5pm on Wednesday
What will the weather be like in the Smyrna, GA,  area today around 1 o'clock
give me the time for the upcoming movies
Is there something fun happening today
tell me who is online that i know
what's the best way to cook chicken
How many of my friends graduated from Elmhurst?
call Gemma Stafford through whatsapp
what if the latest tropics news
please disconnect call
try to call Kerry lara
Who is active right now?
Do you put cinnamon in baked apples
Play this song 3 times in a row
can you please send text to the development group
To heat up precooked lobster what is the best method
call Amiyah call Naomi in Whatsapp
How many reminders do I have set up?
What are my reminders for this afternoon
remind me to set a reminder to be reminded
remind the team that the meeting is 11 am
video message Carlos
Message Trina to ask her if she is going to meet me at the pizza shop later
play me the Beatles on Pandora
give me local news in Los Angeles
Did I ring my mother this week?
How's the weather gonna turn out at 4pm?
what was on the news last week?
Would you can you send text to Stacy on Messenger
can I have recipe of chicken masala
Recommend some sports events happening next weekend in Islip
call to 555-1918  on Messenger
add 3 and a half minutes to timer
what can i do tonight in santa monica
Anyone I know who went to Stanford?
Tell me about things to do in Atlanta on New year's Eve
set alarm for every five minutes
what is the weather in miami right now
Recipe for Shrimp scampi
Do I know anyone who has a MBA?
How long do I boil broccoli
Text Mom and tell her Ill be at the show Next Thursday
Describe the weather
Send message to Darrell that I will meet him at the 5k near the park.
Is it going to be cold enough for a coat tonight?
What is the current political news for London, England?
will it snow on our way to Alabama
i would like to message that video to Terry, Jacqueline, and Mark
What is pesto made from
i want to listen to indie.
set the next timer for 8 minutes
Turn off my alarm.
i need the weather forecast for france next month
I need to call good buddy
turn on the music
Set a reccuring a larm to go off at 4am on Sundays for 3 weeks
how many quarts of milk do I need
Set 60 minutes for running.
Will the weather be okay for bank holiday Monday?
Things to do in Ithaca this week
which of my friends have birthdays in June?
read me the cover page of new york times
I'd like to record and send a video message to June
I'm going tonight to the comedy hour, message my friends
discontinue timer
Call Georgina
What's the latest national news?
What ingredients do I need for chicken and mushrooms?
i would like claires address please
show me all my reminders for next Tuesday
how windy is it going to be tomorrow
send that video to Eric, Jerry Ward, and Jim
Remind me to send paperwork to lawyer
Increase my timer to 30 minutes.
delete all of the reminders for mommy and me play dates for the rest of august
Show me some more music concerts
Add driver license renewal to my errands reminder tomorrow
Tell me when Moon Viewing starts
please show me my successful calls this week
call the grandmother of Sienna Wilkinson
Review yesterdays labels and times for me
what is the lowest temperature this night?
pico de gallo ingredients
play the song
how many servings in 10 cups of rice
start a call with Dad
Please set an alarm for 4 am Wednesday
Spotify I want you to stop
reply to Adam with a video message
do I need special tires to go to Idyllwild
Should I expect rain tonight?
Setup a morning reminder for Brody to brush his teeth before school.
How cold is it tomorrow near Paris in degrees C
respond to my family with message
I want you to call my dad
start 5 min timer
Will it be above 3 in degrees F for Palo Alto
Remove my doctor's Appointment reminder for Thursday
Tell me about movies opening this weekend
play Stevie Wonder - Number Ones - Dutch Edition on Spotify
what is the newest celebrity news
lets ring my daughter
Conference call cooking friends on Messenger
Setting my availability as available
Set an alarm for 7am and 8am
Who is available to call right now?
I need to set up a dentist appointment. Can you remind me to call tomorrow?
Give me Germany weekly news
Any news update of the Korean attacks?
I need my alarm cancelled
Give me the weather in celsius
Remind me to send Alex his present this Wednesday.
Remind me to make an appointment with the optometrist next month for annual checkup.
Message Mom and tell her that I am late due to traffic.
Pandora Shakira playlist
Tell me who graduated from Princeton
cancel my reminder for my appt on monday
Should I wear rainboots to school today?
Is Lois okay to be called at the moment?
How old will Graham be in 2020 ?
Show me the reminders I have for tomorrow.
place a call to India, Jason Newton, Corbin Salas and Ellen
When did Briana graduate college?
give me the latest headlines
cut off hey portal
Impratical Jokers tickets go on sale tomorrow, could you remind me tomorrow at 9am?
can you play 105.1 on iheartradio
Who is David's employer?
play the album The Fame (Revised International Version) on iheartradio
Does Pedro still live in Green Brook?
Alarm for all weekday mornings 7am
What is the 5 day forecast for Phoenix?
Is there a chance of rain in Santorini after 12am?
How long with the recipe take from preparation to cooking
weather in Jamaica today
Remind me to clean litter box.
Play the first song Taylor Swift ever recorded
How much snow are we supposed to get tonight
Clear all alarms.
Remind me to book a hotel reservation in Conway Arkansas
What's the UV index at today?
stop calling ira Gonzales
I enjoy jazz music on pandora.
play the album Hitstory on iheartradio
What's the difference between butter and margin
What city is Tara's work address?
Should I wear my rain boots tomorrow?
WHATS IN THE NEWS THIS WEEK
What is my timer status?
Set a wake up alarm for Sunday morning at 5:00 am.
Call Christine Shaffer Wang now
What's going on tonight in Hartford Connecticut
ADD 10 MINUTES TO MY TIMER,
What is the high temperature today?
i want to leave Eric a video recording
What is the most recent local news?
How to press garlic
Set a reminder to send my rent money at 8 am tomorrow morning.
What are good high protein foods
a good recipe for coconut cookies
play Amy Winehouse
Set reminder for dentist for 4pm on Monday
I would like to know the weather forecast for 7 days' time please
Hit snooze.
Are they calling for heavy showers today?
call Maeve 's wife
Start a call with Elias Roach and Skylar Coffey
Make the timer for one mile run be 7 minutes
Is there any meat or animal byproducts in this recipe
Read me reminders set last week.
I double-booked myself for Saturday; please remind me to cancel one of the activities the day before.
Play some Foo Fighters.
Where does Tammy work?
What's the latest headlines in Europe?
Message Mabel and ask her to milk the cows before I come home
how many cheeses is put in lasagna
Ask Mike if he will be home by 9.
What is the average temperature this week
change timer to 7 min
Tell me the latest news
Show me the hourly weather
Add new alarm time for tomorrow
I need you to change my meeting reminder on Thursday at 4 to Friday at 5 for this week.
what's happening this weekend in Orlando
What missed calls do I have this week?
how much longer til my alarm goes off?
Can you set a 5 minute timer?
call Grayson Tucker Bennett
Remind me to call Tina today at 5PM.
Send a message to Mark to RSVP yes for 2 to his graduation party Saturday.
Whats the temperature?
Whats happening in Dallas tonight
What is the lastest on NAFTA talks
how long do you cook pasta for
How long has the timer been going?
List all Tiny Feno bosses birthdays
What's the weather like in Branson on September 11?
find me a recipe for pad thai
Remind me to make chicken dip for the watch party tomorrow.
Set an alarm for every 4 hours
Setup alarms for 11pm and midnight for today
what are the elections details
please set the alarm to ding at 3 pm and then every 2 minutes continuously for 1 hour
set the alarm for tuesday Aug 15 at seven thirty am please
Show me as available
Add a reminder to do laundry
How cold will it get in Newark tonight?
Tell me my friends who went to Southern Miss.
What are the news headlines I need to know?
call George Mona Fulwood 's uncle
Can you remind me to join the discord group at 5pm?
please add Mike to this conference call
What is the forecast this week?
Concerts in New York this week
What technical school in Illinois does Jody attend?
Anything to do next weekend
What will the high be today?
The pool pump should shut off in 30 min. please set the timer so I can make sure
Any new political news?
Is Johnny available?
ping Regina
can I video message Diana
would you video message Kyle Coleman and John
What are the top headlines in then UK?
Pull up Tiffaney Perona first cousins birthdays on the screen
Can you play any Zedd song?
Top news on Google?
What is the weather at Myrtle Beach at 3pm?
replay the whole album.
hey will you remind me to not get my mom a sweater for next christmas
Remove the reminder to pick up dry cleaning.
Remind me to enter billable hours
What is the news on South Korea
Can you find me a recipe for a rich, fruit cake with brandy sauce
Can you give me an update on Hollywood news
Are there any hurricanes near me?
Any headlines about Trump today?
Message my Algebra professor and tell him I need help with my homework.
events saturday
repeat Maniac by jhene Aiko
call Mauricio Schneider WhatsApp
Please provide the friends of Betty.
Message out to Jennie and Candy that the Rock and Roll dance off is taking place this Friday
Do I need to defrost chicken before putting it in the crock pot
Remind Mom and Dad to leave at 3pm and alert them 30 mins beforehand.
What i my reminders for the kids
mute the countdown please
no more video with jess
What reminders do we this weekend?
Remind me to go workout
Did Sara stay working at McDonalds all last year?
add husband to current call now please
change this to a video call
play Limited Edition Collectors Box on Pandora
Call my bros.
walking tours in New Orleans
Change my 'Move Car' alarm to 1pm
create an alarm for tomorrow morning at
Please make a video message of me then send it to Justin.
play me someone like Chance the Rapper
Play some top 40 music
What’s the weather in Auckland?
is susan online now
set an alarm every 10 minutes for 1 hour
play Marvin Gaye on iheartradio
could you change it from voice call to video call
don't answer it for me
Delete my reminder for the library session today at 2.
What time did Hugo call me yesterday
Set alarm for 5 AM.
What kind of event is Hocus Pocus?
Is becky at WSU
when is the timer scheduled to start?
I want to listen to Hollywood Undead.
Show me people I know who have studied in FIU
Read the details about President Zuma of South Africa
Please remind me on Friday at 1:30 pm to do my taxes.
Add this to a new playlist
how much longer do the cookies need to bake
What are the top trending national news headlines?
Who is Rachel
Messenger call to Zachariah
Set up an alarm
Remind me on September 19 that I have to get ready for Valerias party on September 21
Pause the current timer and delete. Start new timer for 45-minutes
have i missed any video calls this morning?
Pandora should be set as my default music app.
Things to do next Thursday in Georgia
set an alarm to go off at 9pm on Monday and Tuesday afternoons
set reminder to wish Alex
I'm trying to find something to do in Atlanta tomorrow
set a go to work alarm
When is it going to rain this week?
Show me who is ready
What type of cheese would I use to make pizza
set a 40 minute timer
call up the grandfather of Remi
Remind me to buy cat food tomorrow
Cancel the reminder to look up recipes when I get home tonight.
message Mini Mouse, Kari and Sparks something that says on my way
Stop call now
call Jaxson in my Whatsapp contacts
Can you remind me that I have to feed Lucy's dog on saturday and sunday at 7am
Delete my reminder for yoga tomorrow.
Set an alarm for Saturdays at 8am
can you call pop please
set an alarm for snack time
Did my brother ring me today?
Please turn off the timer.
Extend my running timer by 10 minutes.
remove the reminders for work alarms
set a timer  for 2 pm to run for 30 min
lets see messages from Valeria
call Gaynell Curo 's niece
Is umbrella needed today?
Is it going to be cloudy tomorrow?
What is the record low for today
check all my timers.
I want to listen to brass band music.
Most up to date news
Has the college friend thread sent me anything
call Amina whatsapp video
Change Alan's reminder's time to 8 am tomorrow morning
Festivals in Raleigh this weekend
when is the concert
Set an alarm this morning
how many calls did i receive on Wednesday
Anyone online now?
Who do I know that works at the Times-Tribune?
set a reminder to take cake out in 30 minutes
Any weather alerts
Please call Tobias Richard Adams
Remind me to call my dad in 1 hour.
where to have fun in Long Beach California Saturday night
What oven temperature do I cook potatoes
What are the latest world headlines
call Eli C
invite Brad to the call
Tell me about the weather in New York.
is friday to be cloudy
Has my parents sent me anything
Tell me how is the weather going to be in Swaziland
should I bring a cardie tonight
show me who is free
invite my best friends to this group call
Initiate a call to Chris
play on google play music by default
what is the ideal temp for chicken
play this song for one hour
set alarm for the chicken
Any recent news on Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce?
Is there any news on Laser/Radio Hybrid Cell Phone Towers today?
Switch my reminder about the washing from today to tomorrow.
Would you call with Breanna and Jarrett Carter on Whatsapp
call Oliver my dad
Did you finish at UNCW?
How many cans of pumpkin are needed for pumpkin pie
what is the current weather in Melbourne
with Messenger contact Amani Fischer
Please, set an alarm for 7 a.m.
Set the timer for five minutes.
how long until the next alarm
set an alarm for 08h45
Subtract 15 minutes
Create timers for one hour and for 10 minutes
who does leah work for
call Janis Singleton
answer that call now
whats going on in grafton this weekend
How do you cook a whole turkey
Set my snooze for 5 minutes
send
what is the weather like in brazil
Set an alarm for 1600 hours.
Set status to busy
What is the recipe for Red Velvet Cookies using Duncan Hines Red Velvet cake mix
add a reminder to my calendar about Erin's birthday on Aug 21st
Please play me the latest album by the Original Broadway Cast of Hamilton
Create a 5:00am alarm
how much pepper in this recipe
call John please
Can I listen to Sexy Back by Justin Timberlake?
Can you teach me how to make an apple pie
how many minutes do i have left on my timer?
how do I cook beans
Remind me to tell Angie  I am bringing the salad for bible study on Friday
Remove all reminder for work next week as I will not be in.
Who won the popular vote this election
my local news please
Any news about the wild fires?
Have an alarm go off every two hours for the rest of the day
Next month what is the weather like in China
What's going on next weekend
DId anyone text me via Messenger
delete my reminders for today
Did any of my friends go to Columbia?
Please hang up the current call I am on with Lily.
I want to make a pizza
How do I make chicken spaghetti
Wake me up at 10 am on Saturdays
Cancel the timer for that time
Get rid of my reminder for the team meeting on Tuesday.
what is my next reminder for the day today?
Get me the weather information on Portugal
Will it be hot out today?
how to cook the best veggie burger
Turn on Bruno Mars.
How do you make truffle fries
Remind me to clean room tonight at 6pm.
Reduce the time on my timer by 15 seconds.
Remind me to schedule an appointment with Dr. Jones for anytime next week
Set alarm for 7:30 am today.
set up a reminder for lunch on tuesday
I wanna jam to some Toby Keith!
Remind Coty that I work tomorrow at 4.
Will it be sunny at noon tomorrow?
play national hurricane center live news
play new songs from Kiss
Show tomorrow's reminders
Can you make an alarm for half past two tomorrow please
any reminders for finances this weekend
invite daughters to call
I'd like to call Noah Tobias Ward
Where does Jessica live?
Set an alarm at 7 am every day to walk the dog.
What is on MSN news?
Remind me to pick up dry cleaners Friday night.
display who is online
Remind me at 8pm on Friday for Landry to take round 2 of her medication.
set a timer for 2 minutes please
Please make an alarm for 10am on each Sunday
make me available to john
when did wendy start working for Microsoft
Resume the stopwatch
answer calls on Whatsapp as default
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow in Seattle?
What is the weather like in Houston this weekend?
Please dial my mother
Can you give me the forecast for Easter weekend.
call sons now
Sporting events in Mesquite this Saturday
ask Jeff to add Mark to the office group
Any news on Trump getting impeached?
looking for a gluten free meal to make tonight, something easy
Is there anything in the news?
How long do I bake the chicken
text on my way to Tony and Anna
is it supposed to be cold today
things to do in portland tonight
make alarm for every friday at 3:30am and 4pm
What is going to happen in Miami this weekend
resume timer chess study
Send a message to the fishing guide that I want to book a trip.
who played the last song
Send mom a message saying the traffic is bad
Will I need to shovel snow tomorrow?
What's the latest World News?
Set an alarm for the next 5 days at 8am
Please shut the alarm off.
will there be snow on christmas this year
reminde me take my  meds at 12am today
Remind me to get on Family chat tonight.
List some fun things to do in Schertz on Saturday
Will it rain this evening?
What temperature should I bake a cheese pizza at
Give this a thumbs up
Remind me to check the bank at 3pm
What reminders do I have for the DS group
can i bake a potato
who does tom currently work for
Would you record video message for Norberto Vancise
What are the headlines in national news?
hang up Fran
Play the soundtrack to Titanic
Remind Jimmy that he does not have football practice on Thursday.
ask the nanny to bring Sophie
Set an alarm for Friday morning to start my research assignment.
Has Lorenzo messaged me?
Skip to the next artist.
why did stocks crash today?
remind me to buy toothpaste tomorrow
Is it below 41 in degree Fahrenheit here tomorrow morning
Read me news about black lives matter
When does snow start tomorrow?
Put on an artist similar to Chance the Rapper
What will the weather be like for the August Bank Holiday?
How long should I cook a whole 20 lb. turkey
Message Tom and Karen and tell them the party location is now next door to the original place.
What will be today's high and low?
play The Cure on iheartradio
Where is Li's workplace located?
Can you call John my brother
the wedding was cancelled so i don't need to be reminded of the event anymore on the 20th
show how long on Stop brewing timer
What vegetables do I use in stew
call son
Show missed calls
Can you help me set an alarm?
Please set alarm for 4.30am on Mondays for 10 weeks.
How many of my friends birthdays are in December?
How do you zest a lemon
I want to listen to Broadway music
Is the wind supposed to blow today
Can you remind me complete Lesson 3 for Anatomy at 6pm on Thursday?
Adjust the reminder about baking a vanilla cake this Saturday to baking a chocolate cake.
Find popular 80s goth playlists
add an event reminder for next saturday for janice babyshower
Please dial up James Torres, Marissa Welch, and Natasha Fleming
Call Ahmad A Wu now
should I wear a short sleeve shirt today
Any reminders for today?
Text Lizz and ask her where she is in sangertown
What is the temperature in celsius
Alarm for ten minutes from now
how many calories does an apple has
Tell me who all works at Burger King
Tell me about Stephen's brother Daniel.
set another alarm please
I need you to message Denny
video message Alana
Should I wear pants or shorts today?
How long was Bill Gates in college?
How long will the rain last?
calories in parmesan
What movies come out next week
who is Matt's friend chris
weather on mlk day
do I know anyone from KSU
what was the last timer I set
Send a message asking what time they want to go to the Santa Monica Pier?
call Alma Rho 's granddaughter
please send Tad on WhatsApp that are you free
set up a call with Nancy Ng
add spouse to the call
Put on my 80's station on Pandora
read me USA today headlines
Set an alarm for 7 AM Tuesday through Thursday
Whats on Channel 9 News?
Tell me who is online that I know.
What Weather is predicted for Tokyo?
Please message Jemima that I will join her for the weekend lunch.
Read me some of the headlines from CNN.
set alarm for 20 minutes.
touch base with Carl
What's the current news today?
Switch my reminder for laundry to Saturday
Set alarm for 2:30 pm tomorrow
Is it going to be below 77 Celsius inside next week
can you message everyone in my family if they want to grab drinks for my birthay
will it be below zero next week
Create a video message  for Malika.
remaining time please?
What is the latest news on the plane hijack?
Set new timer for 45 seconds.
did Julie switch her major
the car accident make it on the news
My daughter Jennifer needs motivation so send a video recording message to her.
What action movies are opening this week
Message Trina via video message.
Remind myself and Marques to buy season tickets to the Cavs on March 20th of next year.
call Zariah 's aunt
does Corrie live in new jersey
Who that Kam Muchortow know was born on the 25th of May?
are there any headlines on the nfl scandal?
Read me the headlines from the New York Times
Set up a reminder at 7 pm on Thursday for work engagement
message my mother that I will be able to attend the 4th of July Event with her.
set off my alarm
Could you set an alarm for 5 p.m.?
what's going on with my timer
make this timer longer by 2 hours
Can I expect a cold day next week?
What temperature should I bake a pizza at
what is the high and low temperature today
Delete my dinner reminder
Please read the details on the protests happening in Virginia right now
Please make a call to my doctor
What time does the concert start tonight in Walnut Creek
What temperature should I bake potatoes at
Change our date night reminder to this Saturday night at 7pm.
PLAY RAP MUSIC.
What's today's high?
Remind me of Krista's birthday tomorrow morning at 9
START CALL WITH JENNY
Anything new in health news
start my next timer now please
Skyline is hiring who else works there?
Take out all my reminders.
Read me all of my reminders
What is the forecast for Aug. 15?
Newest news from North Korea
Tell me about Mike
What movies are showing
Are any of my friends living in Denver?
set an extra alarm for 7:30
Remind Andy to send flowers to his mother
tell julie that I can't find the details anywhere for her coffee clatch event
introduce a timer to last 5 minutes
Tell me what the weather is like in Daphne, AL tomorrow, please.
Whats happening Friday
Can you let me know who works at Orange Coast College?
Show me the reminders for my team mate group for the month
RSVP maybe to this event
Show my reminders for the St. Joseph novena group
call Liliana and Bailey
Has the office group messaged me in the last week
Delete the graduation party reminder
Find me a recipe using eggplant and sausage
What do you know about Erin?
high and low for tomorrow
Alarm snooze for half an hour
How much sugar is in a can of coke?
Who won the Kenya elections
Is Marius 82
Change my mode to busy
cancel reminder to visit doctor on Wednesday at 1 pm
I like the current songs, find some similar songs
Please change station to Queen now
Take Andrew out of this call
How old is John?
I want to know as much as I can about Mike.
Read me the important news of today
Send message via Facebook
give me my AM work reminders
Who is currently working at the Directv in Boise?
Remind me to wake up at 5 today
read world news report?
ask angie how far away she is from my current location
How much sugar to add to Chocolate Chip Cookies
Do I have family in Chicago?
how long did Faye work for Kohls
play my 2016 playlist
Set up reminders for all of my appointments next week one day ahead of time for each
Remind me to mail care package to Ramon on Tuesday.
Alarm for next Tuesday
Alarm needed for 4th June at 8pm
Show me Mr. Dixie Parolini stepsiblings birthdays
Give me today's news.
Give me news headlines involving Donald Trump.
How many calories are in a soft taco that has sour cream on it
Is there an Art Festival this weekend
Find the latest Kelly Clark song.
remove the reminder of family dinner this week
How many calories are in a slice of Red Velvet cake?
timer for 20 minutes and one for 40 minutes
I might want to go to the second event
Is it sunny in California?
are you 25 years old ?
set me two alarms for Saturday to wake me up at 6am and 7am
latest news
What is the weather in Chapel Hill at 8 am?
Set an alarm for 7am
Give me vegan recipes
start reminder for 45 seconds
Find Danika's son
call Isabel 's mom
Cancel all reminders with Sasha
Play alternative rock
Tell Pandora to play With Arms Wide Open
How long has Sam worked for ABC Tech?
Is there a storm coming?
Arrange for my alarm to go sound everyday
how hot is it in hong kong?
Send a note to Mandy that I hope she will go to the Wednesday night concert with me tonight at the Regional Park.
did anyone send me a video message yesterday?
snooze alarm 8 minutes
Show me all reminders for AA meetings.
Fun stuff to do this weekend
What is the wind chill outside
Temperature tomorrow morning out there F
Is any of my friends at Westfield State
who is available on messenger
fix my timer
how much butter do you need to bake a cake
Do I have any reminders this morning?
What's the top story in Fox news
what was Lily's major in College?
Remind me to go to eye doctor tomorrow at 1 pm
Please list all the reminders for the next week.
Has Ana phoned today?
Set the alarm to snooze.
I want to listen to classic rock.
I have to respond to Elon's post on Facebook that he tagged me in, please remind me of this tonight.
breaking news in the UK
Message Ben to see if he can come to my birthday party
who messaged me on Facebook
Call my Mom.
Set a fortnightly alarm for Fridays at 10am
what temperature is pizza cooked at
Cancel reminder to call friend
Please set an alarm for Thursday mornings at 8.
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Demonology 101?
Let Kallies know that the bridge is under construction and she cannot pass
Who is Ross?
how fast should chicken cook
Can I hear the acoustic version of this song?
video message Hayes
Record a video message for Bobbi Beth.
End call with Mary.
I want to listen to Dan + Shay
Please put an alarm on Sunday, thank you
Any new stories in the past hour?
Do I to wear sun glasses or Jacket?
show who's free
Who works in San Jose?
Play a song from another playlist
Will it be cold all weekend in Neptune, New Jersey
Make an alarm at 7am and another at 7.30am
Set a afternoon alarm for 3 pm
Delete Melissa's engagement party reminder.
how many calories in an egg
How long to cook baked chicken breast
get me up at 8 next Tuesday please.
Please call Ted.
Change all reminders for tomorrow's events to occur at 12noon.
Play Hide.
make a timer for 10 seconds named hold breath
what will the weather be like for this evening
Is there any news about black lives matter
Play the Afrobeats station on Pandora
Could you set a reminder for my dentist appointment Saturday at 2?
During December what is there to do in Northern Utah
please dont answer call
Read out my baseball reminder for today.
I am reachable
I need the weather for Shipston on Stour
send Dave a message saying I will be 15 minutes late
Add Carys to this call
What's the weather in Salt Lake City on Thursday?
only play up beat songs
video message Jonas
can you show chicago tribune live news
What am I doing today
Any breaking news right now
is there going to be a tornado in the caribbean
Call Susan Tim and Beverly altogether
let me see video messages from sister Maeve
Create a reminder for my  hair appointment at 3 on Friday
Bring up weather for Alice springs please
Best things to do this weekend
Set alarm for one hour before party
Can you give me more details about the Taylor Swift trial
im not going grocery shopping today,  change my reminder to 3pm tomorrow
Will it rain today in Oakland?
Show me text messages from Paul via WhatsApp
Stop conversation
add 2 more minutes to this timer
call Floretta Crase 's husband
Update me on the stories from today.
How to cook salmon on the grill
Dial stepsibling's number
snooze timer for 15 minutes
When did Amber finished her graduation?
who graduated from community college?
Set a timer for 40 minutes
What is happening tonight
I want you to call my brother.
Set a school run alarm for 3.15pm
What is the temperature going to be at 9am tomorrow
please delete todays meeting reminder
What are todays news highlights?
New alarm on Tuesday
bring Jason on the line too
Tell me the weather details for tomorrow
text John Peterson and Gavin that on my way
can you pause my spotify
friends online
When did Piers start at Mt. San Jacinto College?
Can you add Mary to the call
What events in New York next week
things to do in kent next month
concerts on Sunday
call Isabel Holland from my Whatsapp contacts
Let Don know I will be delayed in arriving at the concert due to an unforeseen emergency.
what is the best recipe for chicken salad
Let's go over the ingredients for chocolate chip cookies
Find be quick dinner ideas
Does anyone on my friends list have a December 8 birthday
can you call 814-555-0487  using my phone
ping Braxton Shah
tell me who works at intel.
how do I make crock-pot chicken
What is the temperature going to be tommorrow?
How's the weather going to treat us on Sunday?
cancel my reminder to call vet
Create new alarm for Tuesday at 6am and 6pm
Do I have any friends in Traverse City
any good parties this weekend in hollywood
I want to video call my Asian Professionals group
My alarm, right now
call Julia Baker call Richard Braun using Whatsapp
call Jaylyn number two
what time was the missed call from Olivia today?
i want to call BB Guerra
that's enough, no more looping
top stories in entertainment
Record a video message for Harper Lane.
Set a reminder to record Grey's Anatomy on thursday
How to cook a steak medium rare
Contact Emily
Remind me to email my doctor before tomorrow
How long does chicken take in a crockpot
Please record this video message for Milo
set timer for 1 minute
Who lives in Cairo?
Did any of my friends go to Illinois State?
Remind me about the meeting on Monday.
Set an alarm for 6am on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursdays.
Send the crew a reminder about the meeting at 5
What's the weather like in Queensland?
today's temperature
Tell me how the weather's looking for 4am
Set alarm for 8:00AM
can i get the weather in London for Saturday 18th please
can i setup an alarm please for tonight
Who is Chris Bowser?
Has Scott's address changed
Remind me to watch Big Brother at 8 pm on Sunday
play my disco playlist followed by my 80's playlist
Will it be warm later today?
Are there any thunderstorms in my area
Is Chris working for the veteran's hospital?
what temperature is medium rare for steak
What is the artist is this
When is the next time it is going to rain?
Will it rain this weekend in NYC?
any recent news developments about Donald Trump's investigation?
Start the timer again.
call Monty Melby 's son
Snooze alarm for another 15 minutes
Whats the deal with the event on sunday
show me all of my reminders about my cat.
call Ezekiel and Dylan
What ingredients are in pesto sauce
Was anyone hurt in Charlottesville
Alarm for Saturday afternoon at 3.
play Leave Me Alone the song
Find me a soy free pizza recipe
Who works at RLPS?
does tom still live in ocean city
send a message to jeff saying he looked hot today
cancel reminder to call dentist
I want to know about Alex.
how many calories are there in a slice of apple pie
Top stories on CNN
contact stepchildren
Reminder to make dentist app for myself for next week
the ingredients for sloppy joe
connect with An ira
Set me another alarm at 7 20 am on mondays
Remind Mike to finish all the paper work one day before Saturday 7pm.
What is the current temperature in Fairport
I need Henry Smith's email now
The Going away party tomorrow at 4 pm reminder is to be removed please.
Play R&B hits
who is Ming Park's husband?
Art shows in San Francisco for tomorrow
Can you set me an alarm for 5am?
how long on Your nap is over timer
what reminders do I have for thanksgiving
Please put this song on repeat.
Make a call to Leah.
What is the weather forecast for the state of Texas today
Tell me who is Catarina.
show me my available friends
Transfer to another call
Please give me Freddy's number!
is it cooling off this week?
what are the ingredients for vanilla cake
Reset all alarms
Would you please provide me some holiday recipes
how many calls did i miss from jessica?
call Timothy instead
I want to listen to 70s music
how cold can it get in Rapid City in winter
Message Elizabeth that I will take her to the Halie's birthday party on Sunday
Play Beastie Boys Sabotage
List all Kam Muchortow daughters-in-law birthdays
Who is on line at the Facebook now?
Make an alarm for tomorrow midnight.
Temperature tonight outside Celsius
Set an alarm for me at noon
Give me details about today's White House press conference
set an alarm for 7:00 pm tonight so I can pick up Melanie
Message I can't get off work.
Answer only calls from Lynn.
What are the ingredients for  Vietnamese Pho
cancel med alarm
Anything exciting going on in New Hope this weekend
Show Salts stepsiblings upcoming birthdays
who is monica's boss sarah ?
Remind me to set my DVR to record Big Brother when I get home at 6:30 this evening.
Add 8 minutes to the timer
Ask Jennifer if she will be able to go to the parade on Sunday.
set reminder for mother to get a spare house key made.
Make an alarm that repeats everyday at 11:00am
set alarm to go off 10 minutes after the hour for four hours
Delete all wake up alarms
dial Melissa Maldonado on WhatsApp
Which friends graduated from MDC?
What is Rhoda's degree in?
text on my way to Tony and Paul
Wait, don't call
Can you call Noah Tobias Ward
What happened last night in the news
what happened with the BP oil spill
Who's online
Please play only Dave Matthews Band.
Give me a news update?
put up the weather for Wells next the Sea
Did Karen work at Barnes and Noble?
call family group now
read news from north korea
How long do I cook chicken breast
Can you give me more details about the anniversary of Princess Diana's death
Play Close To Me by Tory Lanez
Update my reminder for Melin's grooming to 10am.
move the alarm reminder from 4am to 5am
Call Fred
how many eggs do i need for an omelett
Coolest day this week
I want to listen to I Surrender by Hillsong
Snooze the alarm for ten minutes.
Do I need a umbrella?
stop timer and restart from the beginning.
call number four
Remind me to call my mom tonight at 8pm.
Remind me to call my grandpa tomorrow night at 7pm.
Remind me to cancel my eye appointment and reschedule
not going to the fourth
send message on Messenger
Send Leah a message reminding her that Family Days is in two weeks and her deposit is due.
Is it cold enough for a jacket?
Start my timer
Who lives in Boerne?
How do I cook hamburgers enough without burning them
Remind me that my doctor's appointment is tomorrow at 10 am.
is the event canceled from the fires
What is the temperature average for this month?
any more news about clinton?
Give me a 10 second timer.
tell me weather in Kathmandu Nepal.
play the song Firestorm
end current call and switch calls
Remind me to cancel the appoitment
Add an alarm
start a call with stepsisters
Set an wake up alarm to get me out of bed at 6pm tomorrow
What's the weather at the moment?
nfl news today
Change the location of tomorrow's brunch reminder to Morristown.
Set a reminder for my brothers graduation get together event on Saturday this week.
Make a recurring alarm for Tuesdays at 7am
ping Graham
what ingredients are in seafood lasagne
remind me to buy pet food
play some classic rock music
What temperature do you fry chicken
Play Jay Z's 444
Change alarm to 7am
Reminder: Movie starts at 4:30 pm
Weather forecast for tomorrow at 3pm.
sports headlines
Videochat with my sister
call Teagan Durham's cell on whatsapp
Current burger king employees
Do I have a reminder set for my anniversary with John?
Delete reminder to call dad about car trouble.
Suspend the timer
Events going on tomorrow
open iheartradio and play WCBS.
Which of Keenan supervisors were born next June?
Remind George to buy a birthday present for Uncle Sam in time for his party.
Set timer for a minute
Shuffle on
Add my stepmom to this call
What are my reminders for Sunday.
Call elder brother at home
Tell Dirk the poetry reading at the cafe is on Wednesday.
What's the news in Texas
Should I bring a jacket for later?
Please, call my mom
Remind me to research for my podcast on Sunday.
should I take an umbrella?
Temperature tomorrow Fahrenheit
remind me to advise sarah i will be attending her party on tuesday at 8:00
delete reminder about jason's immunizations
what's happening in Kansas City tonight
Any sports events happening today
which one of my friends lives in pensacola
All news today
Remind Shannon and Ayslyn to leave at 10am; alert them 15 min before.
Tell me what the weather looks like for Easter?
How much flour is needed for this cherry pie recipe
do i have any friends online
sound alarm at 6h10
Start timing me
Remind me to change my alarm from 7 am to 6 am for next Monday
who is the best friend of tom
Save to my office playlist
get some events that are family friendly
Let's bring Bob into this call
what is the proper temperature to cook chicken to
Create an alarm for Tuesday 7pm
Remind me to take a power nap in 30 minutes.
Do I have a reminder about Kevin pick up time
Music events happening in Atlanta next month
phone a friend
I don't want to get those reminders about back to school event anymore
Add an hour to my timer
how do I make bread from scratch
Could you please start up a video call with Hugo Guzman, Dominic Dillard, and Shelby Wall
Get my text messages from AJ and Alex
Play Bob Dylan on google play music
Who called earlier
Please remove the reminder for a Doctor's check up.
Change the wake-up alarm please
should i bring a jacket
call Laronda Menette 's boyfriend
how long does it take for a turkey to bake
repeat alarm all weekdays on 4am
play the 1956 Star Trek: Discovery
find recipe for meatloaf
Things to do in Chicago on Thanksgiving
Comedy shows this week
can use please use Messenger to call Maxwell Costa
Set me unavailable online
can you record a video message for Dessie Menapace
call Connor E
Chanson a texte station
does Paul work for Facebook?
set alarm for 6 am
What is a basic pound cake recipe
Pick up this call from Eric
Reminds me to have coffee with Sandy next Sunday morning
make me a 'check laundry' alarm
Put me back on the line with Charlie
Phone Jessica.
who lives in milwaukee
interested in going to Two Door Cinema Club
play all Stones albums on pandora
Set biweekly alarm for 8am Tuesday.
call Nicholas instead
Set alarms as usual.
play a indie rock playlist.
set an alarm for 1525h
who is running for president
call Grant Potter
leave this conversation and switch to the incoming call from my daughter Joe
clear timer record
Set up a call to Dad
How much time until alarm goes off
Repeat the last timer.
sent message we will be arriving around home around 6pm
Show me text messages from Steve via WhatsApp
how much rain fell today
Tell me how to make perfect white rice
what is the low temperature for thursday
Who works at Disney Land?
what's in nutella
music concerts happening in ann arbor this week
Play the album Without Me from Tim McGraw
what temperature is a medium rare steak
Please switch calls because Mrs Sawyer's phone is messing up
Cancel sending the message to Parker
News update for today
Make an alarm Saturday January 1st.
Contact Michelle
What time does sundown happen?
Let me know how much time is remains on my timer
Play Kesha's new album
set my status as interested for Awakening You
Message Maddy and remind her to meet me at Quick Trip at 4
Am I going to be cold tonight if I don't bring a jacket?
Tell me the news in Avondale, Arizona
Any news on the car accident
Please set up a do homework alarm for Sunday at 3pm.
I wont be available for appts in Sept. Cancel all appt reminders
Set alarm every minute for 17 minutes
Get in touch with dad
let me know all names working in Yahoo.
play  jayz latest ablum
put up a timer for one and a half hours and a second for eight seconds
How many calories are in rice
What events are happening in Newport this weekend
when will it snow again?
shuffle my country playlist
Things to do in Ithaca this weekend
Should I expect sun this weekend?
Please delete the reminder for Dr's Appointment on August 18th.
Send a video message
What's the weather like in Colorado in October?
i want to call 5558156  on my cell phone
Change my status to interested for the third event
Should i turn on my air conditioner today?
Who works at Zurich?
Make my alarm go off at 5am on the 19th
Message Lisa and tell her to avoid I-50. There was an accident.
start a group call with my family
make alarm snooze for an hour
are there any concerts in Tampa on the 8th of December
I need a Chinese recipe with chicken
text are you free to Briana and Robert
I need you to launch a new video message for my mom
Please play the top 100 songs of all time
Set alarm for six today.
Update reminder meet Monica for lunch at 12pm to 1pm.
Repeat my alarm at 7 and 7:15.
Is it Chilly outside?
message Austin to pick up eggs and milk
resume track
Ignore all the calls from Contenta
call Vera 's auntie
Do you have Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Create Christina Grimmie playlist
cancel all the reminders i've got
is it windy today?
set an alarm for 11 am on the 26th
What's the temperature in Germany?
Repeat that last song.
I want to see all alarms for Friday
Remind me of my best friends birthday
set the 6am alarm
What's the weather like outside at the moment?
Cancel the call, please
Do I know anyone that is graduating from Boise State?
how to make pasta sauce
Change the reminder that says get gas
call Sydney Roth using Messenger
Friends of Ron.
Set alarm for every Sunday at 10am
Remind Chris and Brian to leave at noon and alert them one hour ahead of time.
When did David begin attending Boston University?
Tell me about the news in New Zealand
remind me to pick up a present for Winnie's party on 8/26 at noon
Set up a reminder to wake up at 11pm.
How many calories are in one serving of Costco's chicken bake
Remind to catch the eclipse this week
set up a call with her
I'm not available
cancel the current timer and start a new one for five minutes
Delete the reminders for the Cycling group for this weekend and next weekend.
add wife to this call
Set up a reminder to Skype with my mom later on tonight.
when is a tornado most likely to happen
What events are occurring
shuffle songs by the collection
what temperature is best for making baked potatoes
Delete Fridays alarm
What Alex does for work?
Remind me to return library books on Tuesday afternoon.
remind me to start chicken at 2 pm
invite brother in law to the call
How long does this recipe bake for
Message Sally to meet me in the lobby at 5:00.
set one timer for 23 minutes and a second timer for 30 minutes
play Live Your Life (feat. Rihanna) on iHeartRadio
Music events in Seattle for this Friday
remind me to reschedule dinner when i get to work
set reminder to add ingredient
can you set an alarm for one hour and sixty seconds from now
Remind me to give the dogs their flea medicine tonight
make a whatsapp call to Oscar Gilmore
show timer balance
Remove the reminder about Andrea's gathering
Can we snooze this alarm for half an hour please.
switch to video call
Edit the reminder I have for going to the doctor from 3pm to 2pm.
find Roberto
how to make healthier brownies
set my alarm for 6:30 am on mondays, tuesday, thursday and friday
Who works  Transcore?
set timer to go off in 9 minutes
how to make a pot pie
Opera shows happening tonight
PLay this song again
How to make bento boxes
continue on with the timer
stop playlist
add Geraldine Stieglitz
What is the weather like in Wildwood today?
Do I need pants or shorts for tonight?
create Thaw turkey timer
open availability
Play pop music on Spotify
what the humidity like in florida today?
what is the forecast this monday in Bristol
delete playlist
Play a kid's song.
Fire an alarm 6pm sharp for next Thursday 22nd August 2019
Is it around 75 in celsius karachi tomorrow morning
Are there any breaking news stories right now?
What is my 10-day weather outlook
Please start call with mum
news about police brutality
how much time is left on the timer?
Did they catch the guy who attacked the girl on the trail near my house
i want to call Linda S Frederick
I HAVE TO LEAVE AT 5PM TODAY, ALERT ME 20 MINUTES BEFORE.
Where does Lisa work?
Pause alarm for 10
Remind me to set up appointment?
display video messages from my cousin Fernando
what temperature should you use to cook lasagna
unavailable at this time
Play J cole
Set alarm for 1:00 am
Where does Patricia live?
Invite sibling to call, please
How hot is it in Brighton?
turn loop off
Tell me who works in Amherst, NY
play The Complete Collection on Spotify
SHOW WHO IS AVAILABLE CURRENTLY
call Ezekiel on WhatsApp
How much protein is in tofu
Remind me of doctor's appointment at 9 AM on August 6.
please record a video message for Dana Thompson and Bernie
Will it be raining this weekend?
would you make an alarm for 29 minutes from now
Headline news from around the world
Concerts in Omaha
Send a message saying that I am still planning on coming but will be late
news update on the east coast
i would like to message Rebecca and Everett text
What events are going on downtown
Turn timer off.
how long should I bake chicken for
can you tell me what the weather will be like this weekend
call stepfather
Reminnd me that I should be nice
please play Hilary Duff old music
Okay, turn off my availability. Ta.
Please play Smashing Pumpkins
Weather at 14:00 in Colombia please ?
my sister give her a call please
Show me messages from Em via WhatsApp
News headlines in San Francisco
Live music events
New alarm at 8 am
What is tomorrow mornings weather?
Snooze my alarm for 6 minutes please
how do i cut an avocado
Remind me 2 days before my next game to buy snacks.
reply to the coworker thread with text
grab my texts from kid Ryker
wake us up in 7 hours tops
Message to grandma to be at our house by 5:00 PM
open iHeartRadio and play The First Five on shuffle
Can you display my golf alerts
What's happening in Pensacola today
Tell me names of  people work at KFC, Ain shams branch.
Message Sue and tell her I'm right around the corner.
Set the alarm for every five minutes for an hour.
What the weather in Australia like
London weather at 3pm next Wednesday
Events in Denver
what are my messages from Maggie
cancel all alerts set for Oct 20th
Which of my friends have birthdays coming up?
how do you make salsa
tell me about the news.
call Roberto Carlos
I want to listen to seventies top hits
what is the traditional food recipe of mexico
view alarms
Recommend me some events for this month
How does the weather look like at the beach
lengthen that timer by 4 hours and 10 minutes
Do I know anyone from Atlanta Georgia
Put this call on hold take other one
What's the top stories on WTAE?
how much longer do i have on my food timer
dial Adalyn Bolton right away
What's happening in Houston
how would I make gluten free bread
Show me the weather in Orlando?
Any late breaking news today?
how long does it take to make cottage cheese
Does Alia live in Boston?
Give me todays news update.
display my texts from Bella
lets see my texts from my aunt
What is the help wanted section of the news saying
any friends online
I'm bored what's happening tonight
How many reminders are set for October 7th?
Message Ruth to ask if she has any plans for 4th of July.
Add two minutes to my timer
Set the alarm for school tomorrow.
Delete my reminders involving Liam
Can you call J Li
start timer in exactly one hour
Can you set an alarm for 5.
Initiate call with my friends Tyrese, Richard, Nikolas, and Chloe on Skype
no rap music
show all available
give the latest scoop on selena gomez breakup
call Corbin two
alter emily's dental reminder to 1 pm please
Tell me what the high is going to be today.
Get my video messages from Steve, Jeannine and Liz
Please could you delete all of the reminders that I have set up for next week
Skip please
What are the top sports news headlines
What are the big news items today?
how warm will it get this week
Show siân husbands birthdays
Stop the new timer
what court trials are in the news
i want to call Betty B Arroyo
what is going on this fourth of july in beaverton oregon
Turn on NPR
give me a timer for  8 hours
what ingredients are in vegan friendly sour cream
call RA Larsen
call my grandfather meg
find karaoke version of amy winehouse songs
send a message to village chat that says are you free
is it going to snow in Chicago tomorrow?
Where did Justin Timberlake grow up?
can you tell me the weather in Stourport on Severn
Turn off my active alarm please.
events next week in san francisco
Delete the reminder about my doctor's appointment.
who do you know works at Walmart?
Do I need to bring a jacket?
I need to know what the weather will be like in London on Tuesday
Find me a hip hop playlist
Remove my weekend reminders and transfer them the next weekend
Remove all reminders involving my girlfriend
Is my dad online?
What is left on my current timer
unmute this song
Remind me to study tonight
Who attended Yale?
Do not answer the call from Lois
what is the weather in brooklyn right now
Call Kyle for me.
Any live music tonight
give me a 10 minute timer
what's the temperature in istanbul turkey
I need an alarm set for Monday at 3pm
Add boy to line
Which fruit is the healthiest?
parties in san francisco during the month of december
call a group
Who graduated from M.I.T?
Set an alarm for Sunday at noon
Comedy events in California
set the alarm to go off at 9pm on 26th March 2019
set alarm for 6:00 Am tomorrow
play the next track
Start call with David
Do I need a hat and gloves today
send John on WhatsApp a message saying talk to you later
How many calories are in hash browns
Send a video message to Layla.
Are Mike & Glenn online now?
What temperature is necessary for roasted root vegetables
whats the temp in phoenix right now
play the top Pop hits
give jackson Brandon a call
Remind me the night before my doctors appointment on Friday
what was karen old address
Anything bad in the national news?
Setup alarms for Thursday 6:40pm and Friday 9am
Whats the weather forecast for the morning?
Add Erica to call
Were there any record high temperatures today
call Jayla through whatsapp
Play any Taylor Swift song.
Remind me to charge my Kindle.
How many calories is in chocolate ganache
Can I get a 7am wakeup for a change
Play reminders for next week's doctors' appointments
set alarm for seven and seven fifteen
please get rid of the reminder i set for 15 minutes before my hockey game
PLEASE SET TWO ALARMS, ONE FOR 5 AM AND ONE FOR 8 AM
I'm in the mood for some R&B
What is the most recent White House news
Delete the reminder for Emily's date on Saturday.
Remind me to pay my credit card on Wednesday at 5 pm.
alert me at 1 in the morning.
I need you to send that message on Facebook
Can you give me a news update later?
I'd like to hear some Baroque Pop music.
I want to go to bed at 10pm.
Does Ben live in Springfield?
how much times is left on alarm
What college is Rachel currently attending?
Please delete all ESPN reminders
Send this games event to Matthias
text erica and brian and tell them I have an extra ticket to the dodgers game in 2 weeks
Did the forecast call for snow today
Drop Benjamin from this call
Give me top entertainment news
What time is my reminder for the lunch date with my friends tomorrow?
how long do you cook pasta
interested in going to Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz with Nikkita Oliver
I need an alarm for 2pm every Sunday named walk the dog
Remind me to ask Duane to borrow his tools to assemble my new scooter.
Things to do in North Macon next weekend
What is the weather for Friday?
Only use apple music as my music app
What should I do today
Start my timer at 7:00
pause the timeout timer
add cleaning the bathroom to my to-do reminder for tomorrow
what can i make with pineapple
give the partner of Melanie Suarez a call
call the third Dayana
Things to do in Juneau next week
any news regarding travel ban?
Please send message to Mark and explain to him that i had no choice.
Play all the songs by Bruno Mars
Pierce County Fair
How do you fry okra?
Set a reminder for 2 hours and 50 minutes from now.
Show me all of my reminders.
How many slices of pizza in a large pie
Call end
call Candy Boykin 's niece
What speed is the current storm in Daytona moving at?
Any more news about the solar eclipse?
set timer for 2min
Play all tracks from Led Zeppelin
What's happening in Gresham this weekend at night
What is the weather next week?
Do I know people from New Jersey?
What is the state of our economy
Movies this weekend in Erie
Add five minutes on to my work out timer.
how much time remaining?
Please put on 'Big Poppa' by B.I.G.
call Cami Lawrenz 's uncle
Is sam online?
What is going on tonight in Toronto
I want to listen to Johnny Taylor's song called These Last Two Dollars.
Alarm at 9PM and 10PM please.
will the plants freeze tonight
create an alarm for 11 minutes from this second
Read just the highlights.
play all breaking news
video message on Messenger
Set a reminder to organize my yoga journals next week on Thursday.
Erase reminder for practice tonight
I need an alarm to remind me to call the dentist
ping Silas
What's the forecast for Manchester?
please call Ali Hunter using Hangouts
Tell me who works at MEI
Make me an alarm for this evening
please play yo yo ma on pandora
What is this song that Spotify is playing?
turn off the set alarm.
set a july alarm
Give me the forecast for tomorrow morning
How do you cook scrambled eggs
Cancel the alert of the visit to the doctor.
Tell Brianna that the end of school party is at Ashley's house on June 12th
do not play any DEVO!
Show friends of Michael
Has Sam worked for Google?
Are there any music events coming up in the next week
which friends work for local law enforcement?
Are there any Google employees here?
Add the list of diet food in all the reminders about grocery shopping
Change my reminder to call Danielle from 6 to 7
FUN EVENTS ON SATURDAY NIGHT
tell me the ingredients of chop suey
Events happening around the end of the month in Atlanta
election news today
set up a reminder for dinner with husband tonight at 6pm
What is Jessie's work address?
add 45 minutes to sleep timer
what is the weather going to be like at 5 pm?
Please look up the weather in Ontario right now.
Show all reminders that include Belinda.
Who lives in Denham Springs?
Set timer for four minutes.
let me see my messages from my wife Maximilian
can you record a video message for Vesta Imhof
what was the update on yesterday news
What volleyball games are coming up in September
Set up a reminder 2 weeks from now that school starts
Set an alarm for 9:30am for every day this week
Continue timer for cooking
Update Mom's reminder to 6 pm
Who works at Lululemon in Grayton Beach
What are the names of Jay Z's kids?
Remind me to have Josh to call the power company on Thursday before 3:00 PM.
Remind me to call Terry and ask him to feed the horse.
open my dinner time playlist
What is happening in Dallas next weekend
I need an alarm for six o'clock.
Message Krystal that I don't want to do this anymore.
Create an alarm for 11.00 am.
remind me to tell Barbara about that sign up for tonight
Set alarm for 4:15 pm
Is rain in the forecast this weekend?
Please inform me of the latest hot topics
Which of Koda in laws were born next Friday?
Whats going on tomorrow night
When did Ben start to work for Subway?
make a whatsapp call to Mateo Barrera
Set up a reminder to attend my cousins wedding Friday afternoon.
I wanna text Julianna and tell her I am awake and here to help
What's the weather going to be like today in Melbourne?
How long has Joe worked for Appen?
Does anyone i know still live in San Jose?
Pause this timer please
Delete the reminder about the concert today.
can you send a video
DID IT SAY IT WAS GOING TO RAIN TODAY ON THE NEWS
RSVP no to Feast of San Gennaro
Cancel reminder to watch Insecure Sunday
show me any reminders i have about mom
Has there been any news lately on Barack Obama?
play 80 play list
Wath upon Dearne weather please
Place a call Home and Garden
does thomas know any of my friends?
replay the last song please
play 1350 radio
Remind me to leave for work at 9 tomorrow morning.
What is the weather supposed to be?
Please replay the previous track
Need answer the incoming call now.
respond interested to Moon Viewing
Play the best solo artist for last year
make alarms for 3pm and 11pm every Thursday for the next 8 weeks
While I need to keep the destination in the reminder for Monday, change the time to 3 pm
Where does Mia live?
Search news stories for Russia.
call Earnestine Kirkpatric 's friend
Share that first event with Beckett
When will it rain today?
Message Vi to let her know we'll be on our way there soon.
Can you read all my new messages?
Add washing car, to my reminder of chores to do.
Friday's weather, please?
Find a message from my daughter last week.
set a four hour timer and four minute timer and two and a half minute timer
increase my timer by 15 seconds
Times of the important events today in St Augustine
Any recent news about the Royal Family?
what is the minimum temperature of today
Read me the latest sports news.
How much time do I have before I leave?
When did Lena start going to Miami Dade College?
can you send a vide message to my grandparents
rsvp yes to Dia de los Muertos
Message Tyler he is going to cook burgers and brats
can you tell me something about heather?
What ingredients are in chicken and dumplings
What type of event is The Occupation of Alcatraz?
Add Adrian to the video call
initiate call to kelly please
Please don't pick up any incoming calls tonight.
Set up a reminder to message Mike at 7pm tonight.
What is there to do in NYC Saturday night
Accept Video call from uncle rudi
hang up on Mathias
Any concert events Friday in Orlando
what time will the timer go off
tell me to start the bread at 12pm tomorrow
Which of my brothers is online right now?
I want names of people who work at Taco Bell
Job fairs downtown in the next two months
call Brown and Garcia
Set a timer for 15 minutes
Cancel my reminder to buy clothes tomorrow.
Whats a good french toast recipe
Remind me when the number five shows up
Give me today's local news please
Bring up list of all alarms
message la masseria and ask if they found the ring i lost
use amazon for my default
what is Hapeep's last home address?
News update on North Korea?
How much time is left on the work timer?
call Lexi
i would like to message the text to the star wars thread
Send a message to Ricky and let him know the traffic lights are out Cleveland, so I'm not sure when I'll make it to work this morning.
Do I need vanilla to make banana bread
Is my chiropractor living in Tigard
Can you inform the meteorological conditions for late afternoon?
play The Complete Greatest Hits (Remastered) on iHeartRadio
What is the headline in politics?
It's my spouse, send it to voicemail
What temp is the best for cooking a roast
Call C Potts now
Will it be cold enough to wear a jacket in California during Christmas?
Spotify, Play Miguel
make timer longer by 15 minutes
Please add 9 minutes to dryer timer
What are the top stories from today
what are the ingredients in homemade vanilla ice cream
any new headlines
What time is Sun rise tomorrow morning
Create an event on facebook  for  house party on Sunday, add family members too.
How much fiber is in whole wheat flour
find Snoop Dogg
Show me all my unread messages.
Show me all my reminders for today.
Did they find the missing girl in Jacksonville?
call my grandmother
Remind me to pick out a birthday gift for Rob this weekend.
Change volleyball tryout reminder for tomorrow
clear the reminder from last friday
skip the song please
Can I have more information about Minneapolis explosion
Forecast for akron Ohio
I'm available at the moment
Please give me this weekend's weather.
Show me all reminders for today.
How should I broil salmon
Remind me about birthdays one week before the date.
call Aaron Carter
Can you call Harrison Foreman, Kaitlin, and George Leach
can you please send text to the cristin bachelorette group
never answer calls after 10 pm
new 15 minute timer
Remove reminder to feed Brian's cat tomorrow.
PLease set up two alarms: an alarm for 3pm and an alarm for 4pm
How many scoops of coffee for each glass of water
connect with Brandon An
What to do in Orlando
How old is jill
any updated news
Repeat alarms all week
How to make breaded meats for deep frying
Make me an alarm tomorrow at 8am to wake up
add Abigail
Remind me tomorrow to call Don about helping with his drywall completion.
respond to Thiago with a video
tell me the weather forecast
Remind me to set up a conference call between me, Sharon and Ian this Wednesday at 11am.
I'm finished this call now.
call Paul Rocha Cox
play Taste the album
ring grandkid's cell
ADD 1.5 MINUTES TO THE TIMER
Change my reminder alert for mail to 3 pm.
Is there anything going on in local news?
Neil Patrick Harris husband
set a six minute timer and seven minute timer and 30 second timer
I want to go to to Candidates Forum
Please play The Eagles
what is the temperature beef is cooked at in the oven
Set a reminder to watch Scandal tonight
Are there any events going on after midnight on Saturday
How long until my time is up
Please play Stay With Me by Sam Smith.
set alarm for 8am on Saturday
In the last hour, what is the news on Trump?
What is the news from NPR?
How to make fried chicken
i want you to record a video message for my son jess
Message Jen to thank her for the online gift.
make a four hour and forty five minute timer and four minute timer and four minute timer
call my Whatsapp contact Haven Meyer
What are current headline stories in the news?
Can I please display the friends on the screen
send Bill that Facebook text
What degree did Jenna get at UCF
Change the reminder alert to 8 am
what is the that stock price for kroger today
Remind me to call mom to check on status of Aunt Ophelia's hip surgery.
Create a video message for Victoria with plan options for dinner with family next week
dial the wife of Maverick Olson
Do I have any events for next Friday
cancel alarm on timer
call Amiyah Destiny Collins
Place call to Roger now please
Cool parties to attend this weekend
Can you rewind the song?
Could you set an alarm at 7 am for weekdays, please?
I need a timer set for 25 minutes.
Who does Sarah work for now?
remind me of my doctors appointment at noon
Set my alarm for the 4th at 4pm
remove the reminders about church for the next three weeks
Queue up some Bruno Mars
please drop timer
set timer for 19 minutes
Any of my friends in Cabazon?
What are the top stories around the world?
Remind me to FaceTime Dad at 7 tonight.
Outdoor activities this weekend
Telephone call to father.
Set up a reminder to make doctor's appointment for next week
Call my boss right away.
can you show the boston globe live news
when is it going to snow again
Events tomorrow
can you remind me to call the bakery and have them make a cake
Is it good weather outside?
remind me to check in on Mom today
who just got online
Show me results for "Classic rock"
on WhatsApp call Nico
I want to listen to Wale's album
how many inches of rain are we getting
Message Cole asking if he locked the front door
Is Joan 90
How do I knead bread dough
reduce timer by 5 minutes
Resume timer in 20 minutes.
who works for the Hospital?
Where was George Lucas born?
please call 3105555774  from my cell
Reach out to RIchard
Who works at Sears?
What are the lotto numbers from last night?
Read me the headlines from yesterdays news please
Who that Winford know was born on April 12th?
answer any calls from my father in law
Remind me to meet Tim for a meeting today at 5pm.
Play some Elvis for me
message Gary to see if he found my cat
I want to create a group reminder for everyone who's in the neighborhood for the BBQ.
How many calories are in powdered sugar
Delete all my timers set
whats the best way to cook crab legs
Delete reminder to get a newspaper tomorrow
make a timer for 1628 seconds and one for 30 minutes
how many calories are in peach cobbler
fix a timer for 2 minutes
Will there be fog tonight
find me a recipe with salmon and shrimps
Among my family, who is online now?
I need a wakeup call Sunday at 7am
call my Whatsapp contact Lilah Carey
recent news in pop culture
Message Stinky Pete asking him if he wants to ride along with Paul and me to this years Alumni dinner.
how long has sue worked at wctc
i would like to message that video to Anna, Julia Peterson, and Jose
Who works at Amazon
What goes in a pot pie
play Polish Pop music
Would you record video message for Mario
what's the weather like in London?
Whats up in LA this week
could you find Porter
mutual friends of Dawn and me
How much rain have we received today?
Concerts in Macon
Play the first album by the Beatles.
Which is better to cook eggs, milk or cream?
Who logged in online last?
Delete my reminder for the seminar today.
How long should I cook pork for pulled pork
Pull up American Idiot by Green Day.
remind me to reserve a table at the moose yard sale Friday
Remind me thank John for the gift at 7pm tomorrow.
Play the ABC song
I want to call my wife
Is Lily's house in Seattle?
how long did marc work for westside appliance
What temperature to bake a cake
What time will the rain start in Conyers today?
call Gearldine Lynskey 's kid
what is September like in Georgia
What are the various events in NYC on new years eve
remind me to purchase drinks when i get gas
Restart the current timer.
Start a timer to count up.
make a call to Patricia Ferrell via WhatsApp
who is featured in this song
What alarms are currently set?
Anything interesting in the news?
who messaged me on Messenger
I'd like to reset my timer.
play the dance list
answer the video call from kelly
Does Mily still work at Amazon
Do I need snow boots in Boston tomorrow?
Please show the details of Usher's scandal
how much time left on my timer
Set reminder for John's birthday.
Any fun events in Tucson this weekend
What is the rice to water ratio
set an alarm for 540
Has Emily M. Bender sent me anything?
Tell Dad that the movie has changed from 5pm tonight to 7:30pm.
Set a wake up alarm for each morning at 6:30 am.
Can we do an call with the Military History group on Whatsapp
Can you call S Holt
Phone Nathan from my contacts
find music for kids
Please could you remind me to walk the dog
What time is is supposed to start snowing?
have my status reflect available
Pick up my brothers call
Set a reminder for me to pick up my dry cleaning on Wednesday at 8am.
Set an alarm for every Saturday at 7pm
What temp is chicken done at
Set reminder to return movie rental.
what's the weather going to be like this sunday at noon
call the dad of Jennifer Curry
Pause slow cooker alarm for 5 mins.
set alarm for 2:30pm
What famous actors were born in the '70s?
give me a traditional marinara sauce recipe
How to make chicken and dumplings from scratch please
Mute my alarm
Please read me the details about Willie Nelson's concert cancellation.
Add eggs to grocery reminder tonight
What is Chris' background?
Send a message to Nicholas asking if he's feeling okay.
i need a complete list of my friends
I would like you to send a video message
Temperature this weekend at San Francisco F
Can you find the oldies station
Will the temperature drop below 80 at all this week?
Ask Jana if she's coming to dinner.
Play me some Joshua Radin
i need to set an alarm
theater events toronto this weekend
Message Mom and see if shes coming over.
get rid of the reminder to bring joe to school Thursday
What is the coolest event to go in New York this weekend
inform derek that i will meet him at the corner in 5
You can turn off all the alarms.
Show my reminders until end of 2017
Tell me about the weather
I am available now
send Jill a message saying the courts at Moonlight are full, let's play at Cottonwood park instead
what did al go to school for
Read current stock market news
What song is playing next?
accessible now
i'm bored help me find something to do today
call Lonnie Hyacinth Cangemi 's uncle
Let Buffi know there will be 2 of us coming to Bill's retirement party on Sunday.
is it a good idea to wear trousers today
Easy baked recipes
find macaroni salad recipe
Start counter
I need a weekly alarm at 6 am on Mondays
set a timer for 3 minutes and repeat
Any new news on North Korea?
read me the headlines for today
Who are the doctors who work at the REACH animal clinic?
Set availability for the day as available
is my sister available online
Set an alarm for every second Wednesday at 10am
Read me top international stories today
set a timer for january 2021
Please read me the latest news about Selena Gomez
Any chance of rain this weekend?
Remind me to call Ben in 30 minutes
What are my alarms for weekend
can you send Darren the Messenger video message
Any big headlines?
list online family members.
Show me all my reminder about my baby shower.
Set alarm that sounds once  month on sunday at 12am
call Claire Lucas call Alayna Moore using Whatsapp
Erase the reminders for work for today.
I don't need my laundry reminder anymore.
Remind me of my next dentist appointment two days before
Music events this weekend on Jax Beach
how many carbs are in a PB and J
Set a reminder that I have a doctor's appointment on Friday at 2 PM
Would you delete the reminders about the personal health coach calls for 2019?
remind me to workout at noon
Remind me to set the DVR to record Big Brother tonight
Remind Caitlyn to collect our mail for the next two weeks.
Remind me to check the mail in 10 minutes.
How to separate a egg yolk
Please show available contacts
Weather Wellington now
What is the weather like in Central FL
make a call to Emily
Please get me Ken's email address
New alarm
Please add me back to the conference call.
how to tell if pasta is done
I would like you to tell me what the weather will be early this morning
Can you call Daniel Figueroa Woodard
What is the difference between Taro and Ube
I am going to swim, so please set a timer for 20 minutes
I prefer film events
list of received calls from Dad
Tell my cousins I cant make it to the concert tomorrow.
Are there any of my friends online?
Begin call with Desmond and Abby on Slack
Remind me to call mom at 8 tonight.
delete all rap songs.
is snow in the forecast
Weather forecast for Sat afternoon June 15th
how much time left
phone the wife of Ruth Pacheco
Only play rock right now.
how much rain is expected in portland next weekend
create a playlist: Christian Mix
Seek all available
Snooze for another 40.
end alarm
call Maren two
What is the latest sports news?
Please invite daughter in law to call
remind me to put passports in my wallet
Please set my timer for 55 minutes
What is the snow accumulation on Stevens pass this weekend
did anyone die in florida
Give me more information on the escaped snake news.
Please set the alarm for the 5th of July.
Give me the forecast for Italy
Is the alert time for my brunch reminder set for an hour before?
I need to stop the call
Change reminder to wash hair tomorrow.
Start a video chat with my biology class group
Play Meek Mill on google play music
How hot will it be today?
return to ongoing timer
Remind me to take out the chicken tomorrow morning
Remind Alyssa that she has Pep Squad practice after school on August 28th; send a notification 10 minutes before.
Are any of my friends online right now
Send reminder message to Brad to lock the house
call Natalie 's niece
can you give me Berts address
Can you tell me tomorrow's forecast in Melbourne please?
The location of the pool party has changed to Conrad's house.  Remind me to tell everybody.
call ended
do i need a rain coat this weekend
call Amara call Braylen on Whatsapp
Who are friend of eric
Send a message to Mary Jo asking what she is bringing to Jayme's potluck.
What's happening in Miami FRiday Night
whats going on in Memphis tomorrow
Should I wear my rain jacket today?
I need to know the weather for the full week
is there a storm warning tonight
video call with Business
what's the weather like today?
We need to include Mum in on this call now please
can you call whatsapp contacts
What is the forecast for Manzanillo next week.
How do you make scallions from green onions
What will be the lowest temperature today?
send Eric that text on WhatsApp
Change my reminders involving Tony to next week please
let my dad know in the message iw ill get the ice cream
Show my reminders for this weekend
I'd like to know the weather in Amherst, Nova Scotia.
Video call my friend Julie now
will it rain overnight
What is the current sports news
is it true that gail works at microsoft?
should i bring an umbrella today?
At what temp do I bake the cake
How do you cook crabcakes
Who lives in Mountain View, CA?
This morning's weather?
Is there a fun festival coming up
What are the ingredients of Pad Thai
How much sugar do I put in lemonade
things to do in Cedar Hill, TN on New Year's
Healthy vegetable smoothie recipes
What fun events will be happening in Montgomery County, PA this week
call Daniella right yes
Can you give me more details on the affordable care act repeal?
When is the next monsoon expected
Tell me Clotilde Vanatta kiddoes birthdays
I'm currently busy
Ask my aunt what day the strawberry farm opens.
Set Alarm for the super cup tonight
Search for concerts in Melbourne tomorrow
Music events  in Las vegas this weekend
what's the name of this artist
message a video message to Mia
how many calories in a calzone
Message Carry to find out if she is participating in the Wellness Walk on Sunday
Paris, Ontario's weather please.
call Gianna from my Whatsapp contacts
Delete all timers.
easy meatloaf
If I have a reminder about pawpaw, show it to me.
Please remind me that I need to boil the rutabaga.
set timer for 21st dec 2017
What's the recipe for French Onion soup
Who works at Hulu?
give me a new alarm for 0515h
Ring up them
Can you remind me to set the kids clothes out tonight?
I want to go to the fourth event
call Kindlimann Maribeth 's mother
End my current call and switch
What is the status of the time on the timer
let me know the weather for a complete week
create a music play list
This call is finished
what is the humidity like
let's record a birthday video message for John
How to bake bread
I'd like to change this call from audio call to video call
Did anyone I know go to FSU?
Tell me how it is outside right now?
create a new reminder to call my hair dresser on friday
please start call with Perla
please replay that song
give me the last week's top headlines
Remind me what reminder is going to remind me something next
What are the top news stories for today
I don't need this call
set 3 alarms
Flourless chocolate cake recipe, please
What will the high and low temps be  on Thursday
Please play gypsy punk
invite paul to the call
show me the reminder about cousin john's birthday party
set a timer for nine seconds and one timer for 5 hours and 15 minutes
Start up a audio call Sawyer Page and Benjamin Munoz
Will it rain tomorrow morning?
How many calories in cream cheese
I need an alarm set for 8.20am for leave for school
give me local news update?
Is it going to be hot this weekend?
Set alarm for 8pm tomorrow.
is there a chance of a nuclear war starting
concerts in greeneville tn this month
Any recent News regarding Donald Trump?
shut off alarm now
I need to remember to buy chicken feed today.
Get rid of the timer named meditation
Ignore calls from my cousin Ria
Remind me to check out Field Agent tomorrow morning.
when did Natalie Holloway disappear
whats the 5 day forecast for dallas
Please call John
When is dusk tomorrow
What temperature do you preheat the oven for pizza?
Set a reminder for choir rehearsals for October and November.
Timer on for 10 minutes
Shorts or pants?
Find me some healthy chicken recipes
Anything going on tomorrow
Put Araceli Hickory sons in law upcoming birthdays on the screen
Put on some alternative music
How much sugar does pound cake have
When is the next meteor shower in my area
Tell me about Mary
Read the front page of the Wall Street Journal
quesadilla recipes please
take a new call
Show me the news for Germany
show the name of the singer for all songs
What are the headlines in the Philippines today?
I don't mean to be reminded that I have to get up at 5 AM tomorrow morning tonight
please call siblings
need timer set for 2 hours
Remind me to walk dog at 7pm today.
is there rain tonight
Delete the reminder to walk the dog on Saturday
CAN YOU SHUFFLE ALL GENRES OF MUSIC
Add 2 minutes to timer in 22 minutes.
Go ten seconds back
Please telephone them
what is the latest news on Russia
Put grandpa in current call
Tell me about friends who have Master degree?
Parties happening this weekend
remind me to floss my teeth tomorrow morning
message bob and diana that i am bringing wine
Let my friends know that I'll be away from Friday night until Monday morning
What reminders do I have for Wednesday?
Reject my boyfriends call
What reminders do I have for this Friday?
Read the details about the Virginia incident
Play this song again.
updates on amber alert
video call the gym buddies group on Messenger
Ingredients for chicken pot pie
call Fiona Horn with Messenger please
please send a video message to my father Barry Steltz
Message Sophie and tell her I can't wait for Vegas trip in August to the Mandalay Bay
where was tom brady born
What year did Mia graduated from Business school?
Who are some of Mikes friends
Remind me to call my sister tonight at 8pm today.
Where does Monika work?
SET MONTHLY ALARM TO PAY GYM MEMBERSHIP ON 3RD OF EVERY MONTH
start calling Emiliano's partner
cancel that alarm actually
What is the temperature today in Dallas?
Play Khalid music
Have Vanessa Summers taken off the group call
Show me video messages from my siblings
What is the ideal temperature for medium rare beef
I want to send a video message to my Dad.
What concert reminders are on a Friday night this month?
turn the clock on for 5:00 please
Add another 5 minutes to timer 1
Is my timer done yet?
need reminder for buying fathers day card
Set alarm to start oven at 4pm
how many carbs are in a grilled cheese
end it
Do I know of any friends living in Columbus, OH?
latest in finance news
call Russell Perches 's mother
What are today's top headlines
Add an additional 5 minutes to my current timer
set alarm for Monday 6 am
Is it going to be warm enough to go swimming today?
Who was online yesterday ?
change default music app to spotify
Can you tell me the ingredients for pork roast
Play popular club music
what are you playing for me?
Bring up local News on Central Florida
Set my alarm to go off every day.
Start timer at 5:50am tomorrow
set alarm for 9 am for every day next week.
call Elise 's father
Tell me the weather in Glasgow next Saturday.
Breaking news stories please
Remind me that I need to send my bank account information to Mary Duke before the week's end.
play water under the bridge adele
available on
make a whatsapp call to Tanner Atkinson
change the brisket timer
What's the best cooking method for these burgers
call Letitia Lombrana 's father
Change timer to 2 hours
remove reminder to get knee checked
How much time is left on current timer?
What is the weather tonight at the local drive-in?
music repeat all on
Phone my family group
Are there any tropical storms heading towards Florida
I'd like to call Blake Johnathan Benson
Find me a mexican recipe for chicken
Thing to do in San Antonio this weekend Dec 9, 2017
Send me a reminder on Tuesday at noon to see John as soon as possible
set a reminder to call my husband and remind him of our reservations
Who has a birthday on August 11th?
Where is Phil currently working
Pull up the weather in France please
Temperature tomorrow morning near Karachi F
Add in Gino Hinkley please
Delete the reminder for gym for the rest of this week
CAN YOU CREATE A NEW TIMER FOR 2 HOURS. WHEN IT STOPS, CREATE ONE FOR 3 HOURS
are oreos vegan
Send a message to Lesley that I am at the last like before my house, so I show be home in 5 mins.
What are the ingredients for vegetarian quiche
What temperature will it be at noon tomorrow?
Send a message to Paul asking him if he intends to attend this year's CK Alumni dinner.
Reset my timer and restart.
lets see messages from my sibling Journee
How many of my friends went to Columbia University
What foods have b12
message all the people who said happy birthday saying thank you it was a great day
Remove my Tuesday lunch reminder.
What's happening in new mexico this weekend
is it supposed to rain in Kingsland today?
give Nora's aunt a call
include stepkids patti to video call
Will I need sunglasses?
Get my text messages from Ted and Steve
What is the news on Newsy?
set my alarm for 6 a.m. tomorrow
show how long on toothbrush timer
Set a 1 hour workout session.
move all of todays reminders to tomorrow
i want to send a video message to mike
delete timer
What is the temperature for this weekend?
Would you dial Adam and Kailey
Show current alarm reminder
Adjust the notification I have set for all reminders to 10 minutes
Get my messages from Steve and Bill
ingredients for garam masala
have i received any messages from my aunt this week?
Can you call Tyree Payne, Jimmy George, and Annika Everett
Play Here With Me by Justin Timberlake
make my reminder an hour earlier
food.com recipes for lasagna
Do I need a jumper to go outside.
How much milk is needed when baking a standard cake
Remind me to leave early tomorrow
will the clouds be moving out today
Set a reminder to call Sheila at 9pm on Friday.
Resume timer in 15 minutes
Set an alarm for 30 minutes from now
food festivals in texas this weekend
what is going on in Dallas next saturday
What's the song that's playing on iHeartRadio at this moment?
Is celery calorie free
what temperature is chicken cooked at
message Jose, Beth and Damien something that says sounds good
Please replay the whole CD
I no longer have a hair appointment for Saturday night at 11 they cancelled the appointment please delete that reminder
Who lives in Florida?
I'd like to be set as unavailable right now
Does anyone live in LIC?
Add visit to church in my reminder for Sunday.
i want to make french bread what do i need
play ghostin by The Rolling Stones
we are gonna call Gary now
What day is my vacation reminder?
How hot will the temperature be today
please mute timer
Show me who is live on messenger so I can talk to them right now this instant
Do any of my close friends work on campus?
What is going on in Burlington tonight
what's happening in Orange County this Friday
When did Caesar finish Architecture career?
Does anyone I know live in Lancaster?
I have returned
How many cups of flour are there in bread dough
send a message to my family that says talk to you later
I need you to set a reminder for me to call HR at 3 today
Tell me a recipe for chicken alfredo
Trigger my alarm to 2pm
How hot will it be in celcius in Stockport on Saturday?
How cold is it expecting to get tonight?
iheartradio WMXD
Message Stevie asking what time dinner will be ready?
Can you get my past events please?
Make an alarm for January 1st at midnight.
Schedule alarm for tomorrow at 2pm
Who lives in SF?
Show N Stinnette fiances birthdays
Tell me who is online from my sisters
call Rivera right away
get rid of the reminders about the book club party in october
Shuffle songs by Katy Perry.
tell me who just went online
Will it rain all day tomorrow in New York?
Remind me to schedule an appointment
move laundry day reminder from Saturd ay to Sunday
Give me all the reminders related to meetings
Could you connect me to the Coffee Lovers group
Tell me how much time my timer has left
Remind me to attend the new   Zumba classes at 6:00 instead of 6:30.
I need to know the weather for today
I'm no longer interested in the first event
Is the weather in dallas going to be bad?
Play me some smooth jazz
How many calories are in a cake
what are the ingredients to make lemon pie
News update on Charlottesville
Broadcast the weather details in Canada
What will the weather be doing this afternoon in Brighton?
Status: not available
Remind me to turn off the lights
decrease timer by 30 minutes
Please describe the weather
Do I know anyone from Wisconsin?
Modify my next alarm to an hour later.
who works at pizza hut ?
Is Louise on her phone ?
Wake me up at 7am on the 19th
Set countdown for 30 minutes, start countdown now
Play Rihanna music
Set up recurrent alarm for every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday at 6pm
Cancel all alarms.
Remind me to pack my lunch for tomorrow.
yesterdays news highlights
What events are there in Hollywood tomorrow
Temperature of meats
text Ember Going thru some ancient computers, triaging the files and trashing them you
set an alarm for 60 seconds.
Did Kevin call me back today?
Make a new lap on stopwatch
Is there a chance of thunders tonight?
Do I need to wear my thermal clothes today?
Show me what the reminders are from today
can i can salsa
Set alarm for the first Monday of every month at 5am
add kiegan to call
set an alarm at 8pm on the 18th
Do bananas have under 100 calories
Out of the last people I talked to which one is online now
What is the top headline for today?
Show me the ingredients to make salsa
add 2 minute to the Vacuum timer
What is the news from Hawaii?
find vegan recipes
play Kanye
I need a dessert recipe that uses mandarin oranges and coconut
what temperature should a beef roast be cooked at
5 more minutes of rest
Is Jen 48 this year?
add 16 minutes to my timer
Theater plays in Atlanta next month
get me Eve
Display messages from my parents
How do you cook a medium well steak
When is my next alarm?
How humid is it going to be today?
List Robin Kanwar Grandmas upcoming birthdays
Change availability setting to unavailable
Set timer to 7 minutes for 28 minutes
How many calories in a scoop of ice cream
What is Aliana's maiden name?
let me see video messages from my grandson Adeline
What is the calories for Black Tie Mousse Cake
Send the pictures to Lynn.
things to do in chicago on december 7th
Forward all calls from Ben to voicemail.
make an alarm for 0350
hook me up with the forecast
What is Jeff's home address?
Who lives in Sante Fe?
news on football preseason
Who's here
do I have any reminders for today?
ping Colton Kim
are there still people missing in mexico city
Make changes to the pasta timer
Inform me about the current weather.
give me major global headlines
Play something by Adele.
I need you to message Amy
Can you play me some Nipsey Hussle
Set alarm for 5pm on Tuesday
set an alarm for july 6th
What is pepperoni made out of
set up a reminder to remind me to book my fastpasses at 7am tomorrow
switch to voice call
Remind me to finish that Excel document for Amina for next week.
Skip the next five songs
Turn on the alarm to ring in two hours
Take me to the sporting news.
Do any of my friends work at Starbucks?
I'm no longer interested in Plate by Plate
What is tyler studying in school
replay the last song please
call the mom of Weston Abbott
set a new timer for 140 seconds
Can you cancel all reminders?
What alarms do I have called mymeds? Show me.
Change the reminder for Beth's baby shower to 4 pm.
Are there any lacrosse matches going on in July
Let me see when the reminder is set for the work meeting
call Megan 's mother
Hurry up and end the call before I receive an overage charge
What will the wind speed be in MPH today?
remind me to grab paperwork  before leaving the office
Remind me to update my website on Friday.
Tell Terri we can meet at my place on Tuesday.
What events are happening tomorrow evening
please send that video to the college chat
Breaking news
I want to record a video message for Rochell Lacaille
I want you to recommend me rugby matches for next month in Redding
How hot is it tomorrow outside in celcius
what's the top story for today?
Set a nap alarm for today at 6
Is there a tornado watch
Remind me to pick up Carmen for workout class on Wednesday this week.
Tell me details about Steve
How many calories are in a banana split
what is there to do today please
Are there any hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico
Add 20 minutes to the timer.
news updates from california
Dial up Avery, Hugo and Brayan
could you find Hailee Dyer
Find the Happiness Begins
Who do you work for?
What is the weather like in Adelaide?
Please resume timer in 10 minutes
top-rated fast recipes for lunch
Show friends of me.
Remind the church group this Saturday monring to bring the clothes and coats to be passed out.
Pause that timer immediately.
how old is Brad Pitt now?
please send Stephen on Facebook that are you free
Remind me to phone the dermatologist on Monday for yearly check-up.
show latest news on Bill Cosby trial
Cancel the reminder to go see Grandma
Find Jazz playlist on Google Play
pause alarm for 19 minutes
what are texts from my wife Finley
Display all active reminders
add 25 minutes to my timer
Fast forward this song
Can I have the latest business headlines?
what's going on in Colorado in March
What are the reminders for August 21st?
Let Chris know to pick up the cake before the party tonight.
any exciting events happening in sacramento tomorrow
call Carline Asper 's grandpa
Show me my alarms for this week, please
stop the timer
Is it going to be around 25 in degrees Fahrenheit at Tokyo today
Is it snowing in New York today?
List actors born in the 1970s.
Modify swimming alarm to 7 daily
please resume the vegetable timer
Answer  new call now please
create a egg timer
let me see friend list
Who graduated from UVA?
How many calories are in a slice of white bread
Make an alarm for tomorrow morning
What's going on tomorrow
When does the snow season begin in Truckee
Snooze the next alarm for 10 minutes
How long did Li work at Apple?
Any new messages
Is anyone from New Jersey online
turn on 98.3 station on iheartradio
let's record a birthday video message for Helen
Can you set a reminder for my eye appointment on August 15th at 2 PM?
Show me a recipe for steak
read me the top news headlines
Has cousin Katie sent me any messages in the past month?
Is this a cover?
is bruschetta bread toasted
reply with a text via Facebook
Where did Destriva live when she was a child ?
will you remind me to pick up Jenny the newspaper on monday
Remind me to go buy milk tonight at 9:00 pm
Which of Marilu Noerenberg domestic partners have birthdays coming up?
Set a reminder to order all of the Luau party supplies on September 1st.
Show all my reminders related to bill paying for the next two weeks.
How much time did I set to cook my brownies
I need to call my Auntie tomorrow can you send me an alert at 2pm about it
rsvp maybe for the second event
get me my grandpa Yung Marois
i want to see missed calls from yesterday with joey
Change my pedicure reminder on Tuesday to Wednesday at the same time.
ping Carlos
How is the weather at 4:00 pm
Is it going to be chilly tonight?
How long to heat a fully cooked ham
When did Larry graduate college?
Can you tell me who works at Best Buy?
Please call Gideon Rhett Patel
I need the news, please.
Set a reminder 2 hours before bake sale on Friday.
remind me to pay for my wife's coffin on friday and confirm the memorial service hours
Create alarms everyday at 7am and 7:30 am
Tell me when the state fair reminder is set for.
update hair appointment reminder to wednesday 2 pm instead of 4 pm
please play the current song again?
would you add 12 minutes to my Inhale timer
Do Crab cakes have pepper flakes
Things to do in Atlanta next Friday Evening
what is the best temp to cook a baked chicken
do i need a jacket tonight
Set Pandora up as my default music app please
set an alarm for every Saturday at 9 am
Does Kathy work at US Gold gymnastics
Who are the friends of my husband?
find a recipe for tacos
are there any birthday's this tuesday
Shut off my timer
Remind me an hour before my appointment
I need to study for my presentation; can you set a reminder on Wednesday?
please let me see friends page
read me the details about Ric Flair hospitalization
play some Bruno Mars
Is my son online now?
Vegetarian recipes
Delete my reminder for the party on Friday
rsvp no to Comic Con
What is the forecast for the evening of 5 June?
run a timer
Remind me to mail out Karoline's gift today please
How much butter should I use
call Molly 's husband
Let me see Adam's friends.
What is the latest news on Donald Trump?
Send a recorded video message to mom
Is it going to rain in West Palm Beach today
call Karissa Nienow 's granddaughter
create a biweekly alarm for Monday at 9pm
WHAT IS THE TOP NEWS STORY TODAY
Add Baxter to this call
is there any time left on the timer
dial family group
Set my alarm for 4 am
Remind me to get my oil changed in my car
Remind me tomorrow morning
Delete all alarms
What ingredients are in a latte
Add five minutes to the timer.
Top 4 news stories in the US
I'd like to call with my cousins Angel, Malik, Josiah, and Jesus on Messenger
These rolls are getting way too brown; take 5 minutes off the bread timer
Delete reminder to go to the eye doctor tomorrow.
Show me all of my upcoming alarms
Set a reminder for the party at 10 pm tomorrow
Inactivate my nightly alarm.
set alarm for 6:30a and say wake up
Tell me the weather for Monday 5th June at midday
set availability as unavailable
play some Bach
lets see my texts from son Angel
What friends went to SUNY New Paltz?
What will the weather be like in Eastlake Park today?
play Metallica on iheartradio
Please find the Neiman Marcus recipe
what are the top headlines from cbs news
will I need a raincoat today?
What is the main news headline on CNN
What do I use to make Macaroni and Cheese
Tell me all the news related to Selena Gomez.
Tell me who works at Ebay.
Show me local sports news
play taylor swifts newest song
things to do on hollywoord blvd on weekend's night
any news on the north-korea crisis
How long should I cook chicken drumsticks at 350 degrees?
can you tell me how to cook roast beef
Set a reminder about Augie's birthday party for next Friday night at 6pm.
Reminder meet Juan, Monday at 6 pm
how long to you cook fish for
I want to listen to a 90's playlist
How many reminders do I have for tomorrow?
create a group call
let me sleep for another 10 minutes
what is todays top local news story
Is there a chance of rain next month
play The Essential Collection on iHeartRadio
Set alarm every minutes for 15 minutes
call papa on video in Whatsapp
Add Steve to this call
Tell me what the weather will be at 7.30pm.
let malla know that pugapalooza is on sunday
set run timer for 30 minutes
text my sister and ask what her ETA is
READ ME THE DETAILS ABOUT THE CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
call mom as well and add her
When is Phil's Birthday party reminder going to be sent ?
What is the safe temp for beef
Find me a mexican recipe
Find recipe for pulled pork
Show me the Google news headlines
Is there any rain in the forecast
To busy right now
what was her major at Louisiana State
How should I expect the weather to be in Berlin tomorrow
Delete alert for road trip extravaganza.
start recording video for Melissa
Get all my reminders for grocery shopping
Things happening this weekend
Can you remind me to clean the pool filter out next thursday
whats the weather forecast for the next 5 days?
where  is President Trump today ?
Snooze for 25 more minutes
Remind Jake to have the lawn mowed by 5 pm tomorrow.
Show me reminders set for 15 minutes before meetings
Could you give me a weather forecast for 1pm today thanks
Who is Tricia's nephew James
Create an alarm for 7pm.
Show Audrey friends birthdays to me
What temperature do I need to set oven at
what ingredients are in peking ducks
What time is sunrise on Tuesday morning
Find an easy recipe using ground beef
What can you tell me out Sam?
what's the top sports news for today
next week in phoenix
Remind my sister to make a cake two nights from now
News stories for today
Extend by 5 minutes
I want the weather forecast for Tasmania
call Carson and Hansen
Live music tomorrow in Kalamazoo
Send message to Raymond asking him what time the real estate seminar starts on Friday.
What's going on in Philadelphia this weekend
Ok bot, should I drive the car or the truck today- how much water will be on the roads
Recommend me some football matches happening on Halloween in Portland
Delete the reminder about emailing the school.
Is coconut oil easy to cook with
Erase my timer, the food is finished.
call Keila Sun 's son
How much sugar do I need for sugar cookies
read me the ingredients in an oreo cookie
Did the stock market go down again today
What will the maximum temperature get to
Show me the reminder left regarding the housework.
What are the details of the Virginia nationalist march
Listen to Chris Brown new album
Tell me the location of Ghost House Opening Day
Who is Bob employed with?
I don't like this song. Turn it off.
Create a new timer for 10 seconds
Can you set Lisa to active now
set timer for 30min
who from my friends list is still in miami
turn on bruno mars radio
video message Allie
Remind me to plan a dinner party for the board members next week.
call my manager
resume paused timer in 1 minute
Build a new alarm entry
what is the healthiest way to cook pork
can you call Clara Wilcox using Messenger
How do you cook Curry
Can you set me as unavailable?
would you message Bill Murray and Max
What year did Tiger Woods turn pro?
How do you mix a martini
what temperature are ribs cooked at
Send Inah a message, I could not find the file from your desk.
Will it be above 49 F houston next week
What can I do Thursday night
I need an alarm please
trending headlines
Start a group video call with my stepkid.
call Michael and Bridges
What are the ingredients in peach mango salsa
What's going on in Hartford Friday
Play 80s Playlist on Pandora
How many calories are in a full pizza pie?
help me set a new timer
Please delete the first five tracks.
TEll me which reminders are on my calendar for the month of June.
how windy is it supposed to be
Show me my reminders for the day.
Make a repeating alarm  to goes off 3 pm every Thursday for 6 weeks
Should I bring a jacket to dinner?
i want to see video messages from my papa
Is it sunny tomorrow?
reply to Leonardo with a video message
remind me to look into a colonoscopy to see when i would need one
remind me to change the filter in the ac in april
Tell Spotify to play Hold The Line
Tell me how the weather is tomorrow
is Soy milk vegan
Open my Spotify playlist
Set up a reminder to start my new job at 8:00 a.m. on Friday
Show me the weather for Texas.
turn on classical music
suspend my current timer
What has Donald Trump recently twitted about that has been in the news
What's the wind chill factor in Chicago?
What is the forecast for the Easter weekend in Prague?
Remind me to file my taxes on April 1.
Change my timer from 15 to 20 minutes.
Update my pt reminder to 2 hrs before I have to leave
Friends of david
Ask Shaney what services she wants done, and what day she is available for an appointment.
set alarm every 5 minutes for 25 minutes
Are there music shows in philly tonight
Set reminder for 5pm Sunday
how much sugar is in an apple
Give my reminders
What's the forecast for this Saturday
Events to do in Raleigh
When is the next major snow storm predicted for next week?
start a call with Braeden Key, Gabriela Gibson, Joy Buchanan and Damien on Messenger
Share call with grandmother jimmy
cancel every single alarm that has been set
Can Pandora be my music application
Tell me how much time I have left
Weekend weather in Seattle?
Remove the alert on my reminder about today's wedding party.
anything going on in ann arbor tonight
Is Liz online?
would you video message A Sandoval
stop looping my song
call Rylan Mcgee call Reagan Sawyer in Whatsapp
Astoria events. Saturday only
Please delete the reminder about our soccer match
call Destiny Mcconnell WhatsApp
call Keira 's auntie
can you send Franklin the video message on WhatsApp
Add a reminder to turn the vegetables in 10minutes.
When is the timer going to go off?
rsvp yes to TEDxSeattle
news update please
I need a reminder at 4 for my appointment tomorrow
When did Marc start working for American Express?
mark me as interested for Digital Urbanisms Conference
will it rain
Change the timer to start 10 minutes earlier
Do I have any reminders for next week for the chiropractor?
Where is there a flash flood warning around my area
Show me the latest stock news.
Can you play "Somewhere" by Barbra Streisand?
who called me at noon today?
i want to call Brayden Devin Kelly
Play running playlist
WhatsApp call Christine Davila
can you show fox & friends live news
dial Everett Hart's daughter Gia
any news about north korea?
take thirty minutes off the time
Please remind Mom to pick up Tara at 6 pm today
is it going to be sunny in Texas tomorrow
What is the address of the meeting in tomorrows reminder?
play some old jazz
Removed the 9pm alert on my medication reminder tonight
Play Christmas music
edit alert to reminder to pay credit card from none to 1 day before due date
Where did Halle Berry grow up?
I need you to ask Kat if the Yoga class is still on for tomorrow.
What is this band currently playing?
Please play ilomilo
set an alarm to go off on thursday nights at six
Weather for the next 3 days
Create an alarm every other week for Tuesdays at 9am.
can you give me more news about politics
What's the weather doing mid morning
what are the headlines on bossip
who texted me on WhatsApp
Is it going to be around 53 in degrees Celsius for Dublin this weekend
i am not busy
Start my homeschool tracks
top stories in japan
what events are happening at Huntington beach this weekend
What is the easiest apple pie recipe
Read me cnn's latest news
I would like an alarm at 8am for Monday, Tuesday and Thursday for the next 3 month
what temperature should steak be cooked at
Can you play some Justin Timberlake?
Medium rare steak temperature
any relatives online today?
Play the next one
what is the wind speed at
play me the first backstreet boys album
Make the alarm repeat itself daily
Change availability settings to online.
i would like to message the poly cruise thread message
What basketball games are happening
send a message to my siblings that says on my way
I'd like to video call Cindy Ash
What are the recent headlines in Broward County?
Play Call Me Maybe
I would like to know whats going on in the news.
how long should I grill cat fish
Set a pizza timer for 17 minutes.
Will it be below 68 in degree c outside tomorrow
Start timer now!
add 20 seconds to the wall sit timer
please remind me of any doctor appts. next week
add 10 minutes to the time out timer
who is Anne's friend Louise
are any of my friends from Chicago?
play top 40 hits
Create call for me Corbin, Jordyn, and Kiana
I'd like to talk with Brandon shannon
How cold is it seattle this weekend fahrenheit
What's the weather forecast for Minneola over Labor Day?
Send a message to Alice and ask if the flowers go to Herberts on 3rd.
Temperature manila tonight Celcius
Will it be above 61 degrees Fahrenheit madrid tomorrow morning
Can you remove the reminder  on tomorrow to visit with Paola?
Can you make an alarm for the 22nd of March at 5 in the morning
What are recent headlines in Wichita?
okay, done looping track
How many minutes are on the timer?
send susan penn a happy birthday message
Show me the last headline
Is there rain in the 10 day forecast?
Please cancel the reminder to call Anna
delete all reminders today
begin call with Linda on WeChat
Can you give me the latest news on the economy?
Play some rock
delete my 80's playlist
Ignore New Call
Tell me about Nathan.
Ingredients and directions for preparing and cooking chicken and dumplings please
Is there lightning outside?
Start the stopwatch
Temperature out there today F
Send call invite to boyfriend to join conversation
What's the weather forecast in New South Wales?
Remind me to check the weather the morning of Lisa's birthday party.
what to do at night in orange county
What are the headlines for today
I'd like to call Timothy Bass Carson
How's this arvo's weather?
Please list all my reminders
call Winston whatsapp video
Cancel my reminder to buy cat food.
How long does it take to cook a duck
play RADIO 94 5 WORLD CLASS ROCK radio
Display the reminders for what I need to bring to the lawyer next week.
look up Cissy's friends for me
Whats going on in the news today
How's the weather late this week ?
Is it above 16 in Celcius tonight
Local News Update
Can you pull up the reminder to attend Mikes party on Saturday evening.
Is it above 42 C at Shanghai tomorrow morning
What's it going to be like outside at two?
Are there any reminders for the concert this year?
lets video message Tobias
play some rap music
Add Rob too
When did my mother call me?
ask Angela how Eric is doing
i want to call William Landon Bennett
please start my timer
Remind me to switch from Netflix to Hulu today at 6:00 p.m.
Start timer again.
how many eggs in a cake
wait no, cancel the call
Remind me to pay the cable bill on August 16, 2018 by 5:00pm.
What type of event is Dinosaur Jr.?
call Whitney Sutton
How much rain are we suppose to get next week?
Play me the Taylor Swift about the love story
I want to hear any song from Menudo
Play Reba's new song
List all albums by Black Sabbath.
should I wear braces
im available
Wake me up tomorrow morning
Delete Monday night football reminder.
Has the running class chat sent me anything
What temperature is a medium rare steak
Call Joseph Peck Nguyen now
What can I do this Saturday
Set alarm for tomorrow at 10:00 PM
play Z94 Today's Hit Music radio this instant!
can you send that video to the xyz thread
Is my Tuesday reminder for the doctor or the dentist
Broadway shows in New York for next month
Sports even in hardy tomorrow
open iHeartRadio and play Pure Southern Soul on shuffle
Add Paul to the call
Go to the next story
Can you give me 30 minute meal ideas for a large family
respond to i would like to message video message to Julia Peterson via WhatsApp
whats the latest headlines on Trump?
Tell me the forecast in Russia
play Queen 40 Limited Edition Collector's Box Set Vol. 3 by H.E.R.
play the new album from fleet foxes
what temperature is lamb cooked
Will I need a jacket?
Send a video message to my friends
Fun time to visit Savanah
I need two alarms set for 2am
snooze alarm
how much milk do I need to make yogurt
What is the headlining news today?
delete the reminder about buying eggs
Things to do in Philadelphia next weekend
anything good happening in hattiesburg this weekend
Please set up a repeating alarm at 5pm on Fridays.
How cold will it be in Tasmania next week?
Any recent news about Obamacare?
Rewind ten seconds.
Where is Amy working at these days?
Send me the news from New York University.
grab video messages from my life partner
Would today be a good day for a picnic?
Do I have any reminders about Scott or Stacy's birthday parties in Chicago?
Play a song from the 80's
Remind me about my lunch at noon today.
Modify my Monday reminder time to 8:30
can you play Meek Mill's latest single
invite stepbrothers to the call
replay the last song
Remind me two hours early of the back to school celebration Saturday, August 4th at 10a
Call my brother
What's the average temperature this week?
how many people should 3 layers of cake feed
What is on local news tonight?
Change the reminder for the dog's meds to morning and night
Create an event reminder for the retirement party on Friday.
hang up Chauncey L Filburn
respond maybe to Wolverine Recovery in the North Cascades
Remove Freddy from this conversation
Cancel the reminder about Jane's party.
Make an anniversary reminder about Joan and Pete for September 20.
Set an alarm that goes off every Monday and Friday at 4pm
fix up a timer for me
open spotify and play Sandstorm
gimme today's good news
You can drop that workout timer
What is the recipe for fettuccine Alfredo
What is the overnight low
play songs by Eric Church
Is Yasin accepting calls at the moment?
I don't need that timer set anymore.
pull up my call history with jim
Do I have any timers set now?
What is happening internationally in the news?
recipe for fried rice
When did this song come out
Add in Polly Binggeli please
can you dial Elisa on WhatsApp
Mine and Mark's friends
what are today's top stories
Who lives in Fort Worth?
I need to remember to take the tractor off the battery charger tonight.
Remind me to turn off the house alarm before Tony gets home from work
please play a mix of 90's music
Do I have any friends that work for chase bank
play the album When It's Dark Out on iheartradio
I want to record a video message for nana
drop Nancy a line
What is the best recipe for pulled pork sandwiches
delete timers 2 and 5
Red Velvet cake recipes
How many friends live in Cairo?
going to Bands on the Bayfront
Who were the victims in the place crash
message my friends and family that the surprise party will be on July 25th at 2pm
Resume timer for 3 minutes
set an alarm every 5 minutes for 30 minutes
What vegetables are good sources of protein?
What's going on in New Rochelle next week
How do I keep my chicken from drying out
What is the big headline for today?
show me my texts from my grandfather Victoria
Set a station for the song that just went off.
is North Korea launching another missile?
when is donald trumps next media appearance
How much time do I have before the alarm goes off
leave Nina a video message
add 5 minutes to timer
i want to see headlines about murders
I need you to video message Jenny
play the 1979 Leaving Neverland
How hot will it get
anything cool happening in bayside next week
What ice hockey games are going on Sunday in Oakland
Ring Paul
turn off all reminders for today since im busy
how many inches of rain will we be getting over the next week
Remind the servers about the staff meeting at 5 pm.
How long has Jill worked for her current employer?
Who called me last night?
Continue Dad's video call as an Audio chat.
iniate call to brother
Remind me to book the hotel for our vacation on August 26th.
what is temperature in the oven for potatoes
Remind me on Wednesday about the open house at school
main events in Salt Lake City
Add milk and bagels to my grocery reminder this week.
Send a message to Paul asking what he wants for dinner
Is it going to be dry today
What's the weather in central Park, NY today?
Play me a video game soundtrack.
Remind me to mow the lawn Saturday
show me Alice's friends
how much time till my alarm goes off
Get me all reminders set for the dogs.
I want to be woken at 3.30pm, please set the alarm at this time
send the text on WhatsApp
call Brooklynn 's cousin
do i have any reminders today?
invite maggie to join
show me my video messages from my brother
Find chicken vindaloo recipe
edit the feeding alarm to 4am
what are the items in a taco
read me a happy story from the news this morning
Play Carrie Underwood
Set an alarm every 30 minutes for 3 hours.
please show me everyone who's available
Keep playing the last song until I tell you to stop.
Play all messages from today
December events
Has the smoothie group messaged me since Monday
red lobster biscuit recipe
Begin call with boss
I have a nut allergy. Find me a dessert recipe
Remind the group about the next team soccer event
Ocean Waves, Thunderstorm And Relaxing, Healing Music on pandora please
Find me a greek recipe
Search for 80's music
Ignore all calls from Beckam.
Has Chauncey L Filburn sent me any messages?
tell me the city news today
would you text Janice and Professor Snape
make a call to Ethan Tucker's granddaughter
I need a list of ingredients for homemade Pecan pie
Delete all reminders for Sunday
call bella
Is it okay to put a pizza in the oven before it is done preheating
What is the weather like in Toronto tonight?
How long will this heat wave last?
Remind me that the party on Sunday was changed to Saturday on Friday morning.
Any basketball games
mute alarm
get my events please
Who works at Capitol Records?
Please pause the timer, and start timing in 10 minutes.
lets listen to some jazz
tell me about Aaron.
What temperature can I bake potatoes in
please play me some country music
delete this alarm
Can you find a recipe for Tomato soup
read me the headlining news for today
Set an alarm for every 20 seconds
play my rock playlist on spotify
Remind me to brush my teeth at bedtime
How much time is left on my pizza
How warm will it be today
When will next alarm ring
Snooze for half an hour
What is the best cheese for melting
please tell  me the weather in Poland
What does the weather look like in Houston?
Make an alarm for Tuesday at 2 in the afternoon
indicate all set alarms
Play my 5 top most played songs.
i would like to message my parents message
create alarms for this afternoon at 6pm and 8pm
Has the cake group messaged me since Tuesday
What time did my husband video call?
who's the singer?
lets see video messages from my wife
Will it be below 70 in degree f dehli tonight
Is anyone currently available
can you play the last song again
Skip this please
I want more details about what's happening in Charlottesville
Start a video chat with Dean and Hilton
call Nick Mcgee
Should I bring a jacket to San Juan, PR next Monday
Should I add a ham hock to the greens
Is there a high chance of rain in Malibu tomorrow?
i would like to message the classmate thread message
What degree did Megan get at college?
delete my doctor's appointment  reminder on tuesday
Get my texts from Jeannine and Josh
call Alexander Hinton on WhatsApp
rsvp interested for the third event
lengthen my timer by 10 minutes
can you show more news about Asia?
What's the weather forecast for Alaska?
Have Hailey Fischer taken off the group call
Is it going to snow this year
Ignore the call from Joyce.
Weather forecast for 9th of May
tell me who of my friends are online
How many calories are in a chocolate mousse
snooze alarm for 30 more minutes
Call Cameron
play on pandora lady gaga
What day is reminder for my grandparents dinner?
Add Heather and Carrie to call with  Amy
how much sodium is in pizza
Repeat Fall on Me
play Adele's latest album
add daddy to the call
please switch the call over to Jackson Brandon
Send a message to my Mom about the rainy weather conditions and to stay home
How to make a tender roast in the oven
Quit sending the text
call Guillermo Hernandez instead
start a call to mum
Set a timer for 120 minutes and 26 seconds
I want to listen to my 90s playlist on Spotify.
Repeat the last song
can you set an alarm for 1 minute from now
Are there any active timers
Display 5 o'clock weather
Add this track to kiddos playlist
What genre of music is calming?
Will it be hot this afternoon?
What time dad called me?
Has the drama nerds chat messaged me in the past few days
Change the reminder to meet Emily for our date from this Saturday to next Saturday at noon.
Is it going to be around 72 in F near Sao Paulo tonight
let me see messages from my mom Kayson
WhatsApp call to Jaime
Can you give me more news about the election that was held Tuesday in Lucedale
Temperature tomorrow morning paris F
I want to know who Elizabeth is.
Please read the latest details about North Korea
recipes with cheese
I will be going to a play tonight; can you set a reminder to remind me 30 minutes before it starts?
Does Joan still live in Atlanta?
I want to listen to break up with your girlfriend, i'm bored by Luke Combs on Spotify
How long do you cook Salmon
how much snow is expected tomorrow?
Please start call with dad
Send a message to Rosanne asking if the rain has stopped at our house
add 11 minutes to the You aren’t done brushing until this goes off timer
turn on alarm
What do I need to make a balsamic vinaigrette at home
i am not available right now
What comedy shows are happening this week
ask matt if he remembers our first date
remind me to take my medicine
What can we do in Atlanta tomorrow
Find out from Leena if she is also coming for the weekend movie.
Turn the timer on for five minutes.
Does Paul turns 67 in July?
I need to call Cindy tomorrow please set a reminder for noon
can i listen to the latest song by Pink
best thing to do tomorrow night
Will it be around 80 in degree F outside today
how do i make my own pasta
Whats the weather going to be for this weekend?
Play the billboard 100 top hits.
Remind me to get frozen veggies on my way home from work.
Remind me to order pants
find out if corrie lives in south orange
i am currently not available
What is happening in Baton Rouge, LA next week on Tuesday
Are there any breaking stories?
What happened in the OJ Simpson trial
How's the weather going to be on Thursday and Friday?
find cousins of Raymond Frank
rsvp no to Day-Trip Cruise to Blake Island
Was Ennis in school in 2001?
Set the time for 20 minutes
I need the most recent news updates
Could you connect me to the carpool group
Give me the weather forecast for China, please.
Open latest news.
Remind me that Bruce is arriving the day after tomorrow.
Set an alarm for every 2 minutes for 10 minutes.
News on Long Island
How old is June?
Things to do in Los Angeles this weekend
What family do I have in San Diego?
How long have I been running so far
I don't ever want to hear that song again
tell me about Zay
rsvp no to Two Door Cinema Club
How many ex-wives does Donald Trump have?
Make a repeating alarm for 7am every Monday.
Can you tell me who works at Riverside?
4pm Sunday, what is weather?
Has the facebook chat messaged me yesterday
How much time is left on the timer that is going right now?
how many reminders do I have next week?
Have Long taken off the group call
Set alarm for 6 am every monday
On what album would I find this song
Modify tomorrow's wake up reminder for my daughter.
Find ukulele solos.
would you be able to tell me New south wales weather
Please shuffle my song list
is mike available today
Find friends of Lee I know too
add a half hour to the timer
is the president on ABC news?
ALWAYS ANSWER CALLS FROM RANDY
Tell me the weather forecast for Bishopbriggs.
How long do i have left
Which of Vachon stepsisters were born on the 19th?
remind me to send the party invitations
update all my reminders with pete to saturday morning
get my cousins on the phon
Message my daughter - ask her if she is going to Disney this year
How many degrees is it right now?
Any White house news today?
I'd like to call Anna
What happened around me in news today?
What is the low temp on Thursday
get me video messages from my daughter
Show me all repeating alarms
What birthdays are coming up on the 29th?
Remind me on Friday to stop the mail for the week
who messaged me see you soon
please begin a call to Andy
Remind me to make something for our bookclub by next Saturday at 6 p.m.
Is today going to be overcast?
What is the current weather in Cleveland?
Play idontwannabeyouanymore
Play my R&B playlist
Any rugby game coming up
Cut the call
Whos playing this song
I want to listen to Santigold's latest album
I CNN covering the Presidents inauguration
things to do in manchester tonight
How many calories in frozen pizza
how much precipitation in the air today
Remove the reminder for our house painting this month
tell me the weather condition for this afternoon
Create alarms for Wednesdays at 6am
call Laura WhatsApp
Is it snowing on Mt. Fuji, tomorrow at high noon?
Give me a good pizza recipe
End the call to wife
Set alarm 9.30 AM
give Nancy Sherman a call
call Jessica and Brian
What is the current wind chill?
Will Trump fire Mueller
Hang up now
Get rid of the reminder to reschedule the meeting at work.
What is the news in Ireland today?
call cook
can you freeze grapes
Play my rock station on Pandora
set one timer for 21 minutes and a second for 10 seconds and a third for a day
Please tell me the details about North Korea
Create a new reminder for tomorrow.
rsvp interested for  Fast Company Innovation Festival
send video message via WhatsApp
Make a reminder to call mom about pet sitting this weekend.
start playing 94 5 WFLA on iheartradio
switch call from audio mode calling to video mode calling
video message Sawyer
reply to the church leader chat with text
respond no to the third event
set availability to i am busy
Call my mother
how can i cook rice using microwave
Can you set my work out timer to one hour please?
Need a weekly alarm for 5am on Mondays
Do I need a coat?
Who do I know that graduated from kean university?
Can you wake me up at 7 the next 3 days?
Is it supposed to rain in New York tonight
Remind my brother to call the office at 10AM tomorrow morning
What is the 7 day weather forecast?
Begin call with Katelynn and Maxwell on Messenger
remind me about my tv show that starts August 20th please
I want to video message Tanya Wills.
Any news on the Supreme Court rulings?
any crazy new stories
Remind me on Sunday about football game in August.
What kind of event is Healing Spirit: An Interactive Event?
how do you make flour from scratch
Did Chris live in Houston
turkey recipes
whats the weather like in italy right now
change my thursday reminder to wednesday this week
Set timer now
When is the heat index highest today?
launch two timers one for 16 minutes and one for 37
set alarm for 6:30am
Is there anything going on in San Jose tonight
Video conference with my boss.
remind me to update my apps tonight
give me friday's forecast for half moon bay
on whatsapp call Scarlett
Is it raining currently in Seattle?
Has there been any announcement from Congress today on Tax Reform?
I want to listen to Gunna's latest album
not going to Taste of Seattle
call Elizabeth two
Set my status to online?
Pull up all of my event reminders for October and delete them all
Play the last song of the album
please set up a timer called pho
Delete tomorrow's alarm
Show me Savannah news for the week
Set up an alarm for every Wednesday at 6pm
what ingredients do I need to make an apple pie
Will it be raining this afternoon?
Snooze this alarm,
try calling Jose Dunn with WhatsApp
How to know when chicken is cooked
what is the latest news article about America's drinking problem?
Read me the latest cnn headlines
create an alarm for 5 in the morning for thursday 4th june
play Let Me Love You on iHeartRadio
Display alarms please.
call Samantha and Payton
Send a message out to Bill's friends saying that theres a suprise party for him on the 1th for his 50th birthday party at the VFW Hall in Irvine, KY
latest news on the internet
call Young and Rivera
send Jake a Facebook text
who sang current song
Remind me to email Jim this afternoon at 2 about my doctor appointment.
Is it going to snow on Friday?
How to cook rice
Call Baxter now
would you video message Jaden
i am free to chat
Where does David go to work?
Can you remind me at 6 pm?  To check my EPPI card balance today.
Create a garbage day alarm for tomorrow at 5am
get me the news for the colts
Let me see what reminders I had set for last week.
What is the deal with the scandal?
switch call to video
add an alarm every day at 6am
what is the average temperature for boiled water
Give me all recent News headlines
end the current call
Remind me to call Brit tonight at 7 pm.
Schedule my alarm for the 12th
I want to go to to Children's Fest
Give me reminders involving my mother
Message Kari asking where her current location is
give the grandma of Aaron a call
Is there flash flooding now
Cancel my reminder to pay Lorraine.
call Dennis WhatsApp
in one hour what will the weather be like
I would like to listen to Aaliyah please.
set big brother alarm for 7:00 pm tuesday and sunday
Set an alarm for 7am tomorrow?
What is today's chance of rain?
Galapagos Island weather for tomorrow morning.
play It Wasn't Me on iHeartRadio
tell me the weather for Helsby
turn on all of my alarms
create a playlist: Country Gold
whats the latest economic news
Create a new reminder for tonight.
Find me a Chinese dumpling recipe
set a wake up call at 7am
Are there any missed calls on Saturday morning.
Can you show me my reminders for dinner dates next week?
What are the top stories in local news today
cancel my reminders for today
Start call with Melissa
What are today's national headlines?
Send an email to Eric to tell him that we will be visiting the Grand Canyon this August and we would love to see him and his family.
i am unavailable
remind me to check the eBay bid in 10 minutes.
Concerts happening in Austin Saturday night
Play Kris Allen
Things to do in Santa Cruz on Saturday
Can you remind me to go get her?
Temperature now?
What reminders do I have for the first week of September?
add to Pushups timer 11 minutes
make a group call for family
Are there any new stories about global warming?
What is the current wind speed and direction in Olympia?
Set up a reminder for December 15th that Alex said he would take me out to pick up a puppy.
what is the current entertainment news
Play the number one song on the Billboard charts
What temperature is fish cooked?
Send a message to my client letting her know i am running late
Set a timer for 37 minutes
Who among my family is online?
Could I have the address information for Terry's current residence?
What are the ingredients in Beef Stew
Tell me about weather for Monday afternoon
How much tuna is used in sushi?
Will it be above 84 F in Houston next week
restart my timer in 3 mins
read me the recent news headlines for US
make a WhatsApp call to Jonathan
How long does my timer have left
call Christopher Thomas through whatsapp
How do I make the perfect hard boiled egg
Set an alarm  for tuesday 3am
How can i bake potatoes
Find me a recipe on easy shrimp tacos
How hot will it get this summer
How hot will it be this afternoon?
What profession was Steve Jobs in?
please set amazon music as my default
Who's going to Po' Boy Pop-Up?
Remind me to return my library books on Friday
What can I see in Tampa next weekend
who is playing drums in this track?
How much sauce should I use
show me headlines from AP
Please read top 5 world news articles from todays date
Give me the details on the recent issues with north korea
Make alarms for 7:30am and 5:30pm tomorrow
Will it be around 0 degree celcius inside this weekend
Update timer to 15 minutes
I want Sarah's work address.
Set monthly alert to change pool filter
Set my alarm for 9 am
reset my alarm
is it really hot today?
put 10 more minutes on the timer
i would like to message Bernie that Facebook message
Contact Kylie and ask her if she has the details of the poetry slam on June 30.
is there any comedy shows this weekend
Play the most recent song by Ed Sheeran
display texts from my niece Landon
I need to switch cars with Matthew on Friday at 8PM. Can you remind me.
Could you create alarms for Friday at 7 and 8 am, please?
lastest north korea news
Share Paws to Party with Kira
Remind Camryn to leave at 5; alert her 20 minutes before.
Ask Lydia if she remembers the 'banana incident'
Ring Trish
call up Elaina Baxter's father
Any News update for today?
is there news today regarding the repeal of the obamacare law?
play the soundtrack to Purple Rain
hows the weather in Dallas next Monday
Enough already
Who is performing this song?
Set an alarm for 9 am tomorrow
remove my wife from the conversation
Who is that calling now?
make an alarm for 4pm weekly
Read me the message form 6am this morning.
Golf News headlines?
Please hang up the call
Has Lauren sent me anything on Messenger
Please set alarm for tomorrow afternoon
cancel the reminder of my mom's birthday
mark me as maybe for the third event
How many tablespoons of sugar are added to a pancake mix
Please close Spotify playlist
Display Yolanda Tarsis PhD nieces birthdays on the screen
make my cell phone reminder reoccurring
call Cleta Reaver facetime
Dress high boots today.
who is friend with Anne
end talk
Skip track now
how do you make a flan
Start a timer now
What's the weather like in San Jose in February
what ingredients are in smores
who won the election
play TLC on iheartradio
weekend events in upstate NY
I want to know weather at noon
call Cecily U
Remind me to tell Joe about my conversation
Whats the most recent news
How to make baked mac n cheese
Events in Napa on Sunday
Set a reminder to call the plumber tomorrow morning at 8am
remind me about my date on Friday night
Will it cool of tomorrow?
RSVP no to Bon Iver at the Gorge Amphitheater
What kind of weather can I expect on Halloween, in Edinburgh?
When do the CBS news come on tomorrow
tell me news
What is the latest news about the President Of The United States
Delete any reminders i have next weekend.
Set reminder for 5pm.
send a message to dad that I am at gas station near utopia exit 25
Did they identify the driver in Charlottesville?
put 11 minutes more on the Pumpkin seeds timer
How many calories are in a slice of mozzarella cheese
what was the number one song last week
call Sydney Roth instead
play the hits from last summer
whats the weather at the beach
terminate call
Move the reminder for Saturday to Sunday.
Recommend me some festivals for Friday in Aberdeen
give me a new alarm for 2105h
Make an alarm at 7 AM and PM tomorrow.
not right now please
call Camila and Kai
Remind me to take out the trash tonight at 10
play led zepplin
play my Kendrick Lamar playlist with Pandora
How hot is it in celcius?
I need something fun to do tonight
Remove my reminder to return my library books on Tuesday.
is there a cold front coming this week
did anyone get fired in the White house today
music events in wilkes barre friday night
Play Love Song by The Cure
Set the alarm to 5:30pm
remind me to get cereal tomorrow
Do i need a jacket today
Can you remind me order more printer paper from Amazon?
Create alarms for Mondays at 7:15 and 7:30 in the morning.
show me my video messages from my grandfather Gunner
What't going on tomorrow
set an alarm called get milk for 6pm
Any interesting weather news
Remind me to get gas tomorrow morning
who is brandon
Should I take my umbrella today?
Whats the temperature in Jamaica?
ignore calls from Carly
Call my wife please
Who's free
Is Kathy still working at Chemcraft?
What is there to do in Boulder this weekend
Put the call with my brother in law on hold
Send Chandler a message to call me back
when did bill begin working for the police
Tell me who works at jeep.
news in Chicago
Call Rob please
call my stepchildren
I am currently unavailable.
call Escobar and Madden
Start a video chat with mom
Seattle concerts in June
call Sawyer and Wong
Create call with Jared, Jaime, Fernando, and Brooklyn on Wechat
Show me Coldplay's newest album
dial Rose's nana
Delete the reminder for dinner on Saturday with Rob
Tell me who lives in Tuscon?
Set a reminder to pay the water bill
what should i do this weekend
change channel
Time me while I run
how many seconds are left
Call my grandmother's mobile phone
how do I make pizza
I want to send a video message to my sister.
How will the weather be in Blackpool tomorrow?
Anything new to do tomorrow
Sorry, let me repeat that. Ask Rebecca how she is.
end conversation now
What are my reminders for next Friday night?
what are my current alarms set at
things to do in sanibel tonight
Send a group message to my friends to see if they want to meet for a movie and dinner this weekend.
get us news
send the rave exchange thread
Call C Krause for me
Remind me to buy bread today
Who is Jamie that is friends with Will
friends of laura
who made the recent news in my town
I want to listen to classical music
message jane saying bye
Can you tell me who works at McDonald's?
I want to know more about Kenzie.
Start video chat
Tell me who Anna is
Can you please create a new alarm
Send message to office cleaning lady she will not need to come in tomorrow morning.
Remind me I have a doctors appointment on the 5th
message Dana Thompson, Minerva and Zachary Fletcher something that says on my way
What is the weather in Orlando?
is it going to rain in the morning?
easy and fast recipes for lunch
Any severe weather in the forecast
please call Jonathan right away
Tell me about Courtney Smith Pope
Make an alarm for 9pm please.
People I know who went to FSU.
can you resume me the news for today?
Read me the latest news about Southwest Airlines.
remind me on Thursday at 2 pm to remind my husband about the guild meeting at  7 pm
will it rain in hilo today?
Remind me to save a hundred dollars for next weeks rent on Friday 6pm
Add a reminder to transfer money to checking on the first of the month.
Ignore all calls from my son in law.
Who is working for CSS?
some old charlie daniels
Delete reminder to call husband at 7pm.
gimme a 10 minute timer
i would like to message the photography friends chat
What is Casey's work address?
Can you remind me to check the mail?
I need a timer set for 10 minutes.
find me fried chicken recipe
call Lia 's mom
instead of remindeing on monday about applying a job can you do it on sunday
Set my alarm for 10 am.
What are today's sports headlines?
I do not want to miss my flight to New York City at 12:25 p.m.; can you alert me 4 hours before?
Should I take a cardigan tonight?
Please tell me the weather forecast for Saturday?
Play playlist again, please
When did Malcom X die?
What day is election day in 2018
I need a recipe for homemade cookie dough
Which of Windsheimer stepsisters have birthdays coming up?
can you video message Anna Moore Mendoza
What is the latest Trump news?
How much is it supposed to rain today?
calories in veg. burger
How much does this song cost to buy?
Move the alarm to 8pm on Saturday
What's the world news
Things to do in San Diego tonight
What parties are happening in New Jersey Friday
What is the weather in Newcastle next week?
open the weather in Vancover
play Eric Clapton on iheartradio
Add a reminder to call the girls to plan surprise birthday party for their dad.
Remove the remind about gym night
remind me about the oil change
Remind me to change the light bulb in the kitchen today.
Connor band camp starts on august 8th at 9a.m.  set a reminder on the calendar
Who works at Facebook?
Play all Kenny Chesney
message my sister I fly in July 24th at 8PM
Hold the current call from Polly.
What is happening in the news
REMIND ME TO CALL RACHEL; SHE GETS OUT OF CLASS AT 7 P.M., SO 7:15 WOULD BE A GOOD TIME FOR ME TO CALL.
Is John married yet?
play Girls' Generation on iheartradio
Breaking news, please?
What plays are going on this weekend
Play Ed Sheeran songs.
Set an alarm for all weekday mornings at 6:30am
I want to change my alarm.
How many calories in a slice of cake
open call and dial mom
Waiting until the last moment really hurt me last month; this month move the video uploads reminder up one week.
I need you to update the timer
Will there be any snow today?
Remind me to text Megan tomorrow at 1 pm.
How do I cook longganisa
Turn it to the rap channel on Pandora
How much time is left overall on my timer?
Has the bay area jobs chat messaged me in the last week
set my timer for a 35 minute baking time
Is it going to be below 74 in fahrenheit for Paris tomorrow morning
play some Chinese
how do i make alfredo sauce
I need you to keep the timer going
what are the ingredients to pizza dough
tell me about today's weather
Remind me to cancel the doctor's appointment on Monday morning
Ring me mum
Does Alex live on Bemont
Remind the family group chat on messenger that politics are not allowed to be discussed.
Can you wake me up 15mins later today?
start timer at 1:00 pm
set up Messenger as my default for making calls
let's call Kallie Davis using WhatsApp
i want to touch base with Timothy
What is the most current event in the news?
I need to take off the reminder for milk
Update event reminder for Sally's anniversary party to next week.
Set alarm to go off in three hours
Most recent breaking news
Message Debbie and tell her the date of BamBam's party is still the same night.
what is the latest news regarding the NFL?
How is the weather effecting my area
stop alarm
Remind me to stop the mail on July 31.
Pause the song please
switch it from audio call to video
Timer pause
is anyone available at the moment
adjust my alarm to 9am
Did I miss any calls yesterday from my sister?
What is the local weather today?
ping Connor
Delete clean playlist
do we need jackets
please send the following video message to Ronnie and Brian
Can you cook fish on a george foreman grill
All alarms after 3pm need to be deleted
remove my aunt from the call
Can you bake a potato in a microwave
Serving size of espresso cheesecake brownie
How long do you cook a meatloaf
Get all our reminders for the next week shopping
Turn off the alarm I have set
show me articles on Russians
Set an alarm for Wednesday the 15th at 12 pm
How many tablespoons of sugar should i put
Will I need to put sunscreen on today?
call Dominic Lutz WhatsApp
Is it going to be cold on christmas?
Subtract 15 minutes from my timer
Do I know someone who graduated from Cairo university ?
can you send Paul a Messenger video message
Message Dave asking if he found my bluetooth in the store
reset alarm to six forty five
Timer time
Shut down this alarm
hottest time today
play kendrick lamar
set up a timer to last for three hours
How about setting the alarm for 3pm this afternoon.
weather Elizabeth, NJ now
skip the song that is currently play
Fox News headlines.
Send a message to Tom and Dave and say that the meeting is postponed until tomorrow afternoon.
On Friday create an alarm for 11am and then 11pm.
show me the most recent news
please update those timers
Create alarm for the 19th
Initiate a 7am alarm
Reset timer for my workout
If you will, send a video message to my dad.
When is the primary election
What's in deviled eggs?
What is the forecast this week for Estero, FL?
Connect me to Mam by video call
remove 15 minutes from Reading timer
Latest OJ Simpson news
Switch to the new call
How hot should I bake cornbread in the oven
play Graduation by Cardi B
Can you let me know how many reminders i have for Saturday, August 15th?
Set my alarm for 7 am tomorrow.
Is it foggy outside this morning?
set an alarm for 1 weekends
What's the latest article on Yahoo News?
Message Amy that the sale at Marshall's is July 10 through 15
Any news stories about the march that happened downtown?
Can you remind me to get cereal today?
make a timer for 60 minutes
try calling Angelica
Change my status to can't go for the fourth event
That song is my favorite please replay
set timer for 2 hours from now
Should I bring a raincoat today?
find me 21 Savage
can you send my parents message
Can we do an call with the staff group on Hangouts
Text Levi back and tell him I'm running late because of traffic
Begin video call Byron Jacobs, Alexia Bates, and Tommy Salazar
Can you call my mom with WhatsApp
Remind to put the meatloaf in the oven by 5:00.
how long is it going to rain today
Whats going on in Pensacola Saturday Night
Change voice call to video call with Oskar
Replay last album played in Spotify.
how long does bacon sit on the stove to cook
Turn off the reminder I have set to go see Grandma
Remind me that I need to be loved
Play popular kids music
play google play music 80s station
Remind me to pick up tickets to my concert tonight at 5pm
Set 2 minute timer
Remind Albert to call the plumber tonight.
nfl recent news
Live music events next weekend
Add 5 minutes
Can you add Nikki to this call
play jay z
What parties are going down Saturday
call Lizbeth Hatfield
Do I have a reminder set for the doctor for tomorrow
what is the details of the lindsey logan trial
Show me Lenk moms in law birthdays
End current video-call
Things to do in Denver
set an alarm for 7 am every day
Please set a timer for 35 minutes
please set alarm for noon
send a video message via Messenger
Adele radio on Spotify
theater events in jersey city this week
Play some Glen Campbell.
Give me a take your medicine alarm at 2am tomorrow.
Is there anyone of my friends that has a birthday today?
Read messages from a different status.
Please set an alarm for tomorrow morning
Ask if Rebecca is ok
call Blanche Dundon 's grandpa
Who that Yulanda know was born on May 11th?
Stuff to do in Atlanta tomorrow
Create a wakeup alarm.
could you look up a moist cake recipe
I want to set the alarm for 9 a.m. tomorrow.
How long do I cook a turkey
Do I need thermal underwear today?
Add an hour to my time
remind me to take kids school shopping
how's the weather outside?
Will it be warmer next week?
Remind me to ask sister when Dom's Birthday is tonight.
how many friends does mark have
Set a couple more alarms for today
Remind me to pick up groceries tonight after yoga.
How much sodium is in a can of green beans
Get rid of all of my 30 minute reminders for car pick up next week
play Luke Bryan on iheartradio
Message carol and ask her where exactly i should meet her for coffee in three days
how much snow today?
How big is a serving?
what does tomorrow's weather look like
open Pandora and play my station
Set daily alarm to wakeup at 8am
is it going to rain today
All alarms will need to be deleted.
Message Chrissy to let her know we will not be able to attend her anniversary party on the 20th, send our regrets.
When did Li start working for Apple?
play the next song from the current album.
Get me Troy's tumblr name
let's start recording a video message for Mary
Remind me to stop for bread on the way home.
turn on shuffle
Who is currently winning the election
What artist is playing now?
remind me to get chlorine tablets for the pool tomorrow morning at 8:00 am
Any parades this evening
Please record video message for daughter.
Please call grandfathers
What's up with the weather?
Who is the artist of this track?
call Victoria four
set the call from audio call to video call
What's the best temperature to cook turkey
can you remind me to pick up James after work today
How many calories are in the pound cake slices
How many teaspoons of salt are in the Meat loaf recipe
Anybody online? Who?
what are current news top headlines
What state does Caicy live in
RSVP maybe to Primate Discovery Day
Tell me Wonderling grand children birthdays
Abort this call
can you delete the reminder to call my brother today
At what temperature should I bake pork chops
Give me some news about NASA
what is the breaking news on ABC?
Is it ok if there is a little pink in the pork
Message Samantha asking if he has my book.
set alarm for nap time
update the reminder for my Mom's birthday party
Set 3 alarms, 5 minutes apart starting at 7am tomorrow.
video call ava ira
Will you please delete the reminder for dinner Thursday?
any of my brothers online now?
I need the alarm set for 2pm
Can you alert me 10 minutes before I'm supposed to leave the house Monday morning?
Jump to the middle of the current song
do I have any common friends with Scott?
How much time is left on my last timer set?
Any news from Google News
What is the recipe for Pico de Gallo
does John live in Chicago?
quick sandwich bread recipe
any more news about the president
is lasagna vegan
Set alarm to go off precisely at 2:01 pm
Read the details on the Russia investigation
are any of my friends in Chicago?
change alarm to 4 am
Please tell me the amount of sodium in one serving of fettucine chicken alfredo
Alarm for 5 minutes.
How long has Sarah been working for Allstate?
How many minutes have I been running
Did I miss any video calls?
Send a reminder about our meeting to Joel.
What's the news on the stock market
i would like to message that video to Phil Bradley, Ned, and Gavin
Set a time for an hour
Play some Florida Georgia Line
I need a wake up alarm tomorrow
Modify alarm name to bake cake
Any events going on in downtown hardy
tell me who is online that I know
Please stop the timer.
Can you remind me when I need to pay my bills?
use google play music as my music provider
Is it going to be cold this week?
Please message Missy and tell her I had a wonderful time at the beach.
How many calories does vanilla ice cream have
find reminder to take car for maintenance
What's in a maki roll
Remind me to buy soy milk
Delete the reminder for Ryan's drill on Saturday, August 4th and Sunday August 5th.
tell john jacob that i don't want to meet anywhere but quail springs mall
Delete the reminder about the date with Ashley on Saturday night.
Close call
Give me this morning's news headlines
Set two alarms for tomorrow morning
How do you make applesauce
Recent news about the arts
When did Sana last call me?
did it storm in houston yesterday
display all reminders for tomorrow
when will the dawn be
How many calories in spaghetti?
How warm is it for Dehli tomorrow in degree Celcius
How do you cook an apple pie
how many calorie of an ounce of banana
Put Velda grandads upcoming birthdays on the screen
remind me to get milk
Events in Rowlett
give me a new alarm for 18h55
Set a new timer for an hour.
How do you know when shrimp is fully cooked?
today's headlines
remind me that i need to stop for gas
Global news please.
Start playing Nicki Minaj's latest album
how many carbs are in yogurt
Set a time for 30 seconds.
remind me to pack shoes, sunglasses and hat next week
when Is the dusk sunday
Events going on in New York this week
Let the walking timer recommence.
Who is Phyllis?
Add in Margareta Hufty
play LoVE me NOw the album
set an alarm for 5 am on Thursday and Friday
I need a recipe for oatmeal cookies
Play me pop music now
play soft rock
Creat alarm for 9pm
whats the calorie range for cheese pizza
i need to talk to my sisters please call him right now
2pm weather please
Put my device on available
let's hear some frank sinatra
Read me today's headlines.
bring up when i made my last call to daniel
I don't want to miss the mail; can you remind me to track my package at 1pm tomorrow?
what will the temperature be overnight
Is my children online
I want to call the dads please
Make alarms for later today at 11 and 11.05pm.
Who is Jackie's friend Sam?
text Debbie and Sarah that sounds good
Set a reminder for Tod party
who's on facebook now
How's the weather looking in Florida?
How much sugar is used with a pack of kool-aid
Can you please add 30 seconds to the current timer
Does fettuccine alfredo have heavy cream in it?
call Floria Valiente 's father
Is Freddy Smith still living in Minnesota ?
music events in Hemet
Do I know anyone who went to UB?
What are the news headlines for Elizabethtown
can you tell me when An Evening with Debra Messing starts
Create an alarm for tonight.
Snooze my alarm please
Update my reminder to cook Chicken BIriyani and raita for Mona's birthday party, instead of Chappatis and Chicken Kurma.
Could you please find what the weather is for South Australia?
Do any of my friends go to ECU?
Set an alarm for 9 PM to finish my project.
national news headlines
Show me recent baseball news
sports news today
Play FM near me
please finish call
snooze alarm for 8 min
Show me the Tech news of the day
What temperature is beef cooked at in general
Message Marcell to ask him if the chainsaw has been fixed
Do I know anyone in Hawaii?
Is the weather good for hiking today?
What do I set the oven too bake this pizza
Does Liz work for Verizon
I would like to send Joey a call invite
End the current call
Set alarm for 4:00 AM Monday.
Jeff Sessions news
Play some old jazz
Did I receive any calls that I missed today?
Remind me to pick up my packages on Tuesday
What is the forecast next week in Arizona?
what are tritip recipes please
What is the weather in Chapel Hill at 5 am?
Tell me any headlines related to the death of chester bennington
message a video message to Ada
I am unreachable
What is the weather like in Kingston
Go back to song number one on the track
Tell Tim that dinner will be ready in 45 minutes.
any new local news?
What city does Mark live in?
Make a reminder to refresh my computer tomorrow night.
What is the current temperature in Fahrenheit?
make a list showing those available
what is remaining of my timer?
Read news about Russia interfering with US election
Set a 'time for bed' alarm for this evening at 8 o'clock
Is there a chance for snow today?
japanese sushi recipes
foxnews articles on the election
call Tatum Floyd WhatsApp
can i listen to the first song again
Call papa and father now.
how many calories does lobster have
How do I make beer bratwurst
Create an alarm for 3 in the afternoon
Set an alarm for 30 Minutes from now
reset all alarms
Things to do in miami this week
When did Maryanne start working for the school
Can you find the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
play Jumpman on iHeartRadio
Remind to get milk tonight
What type of chocolate do I use to make chocolate chip cookies
Pause timer so that I can take a break.
How many minutes should I cook the pasta to make it still al dente
Whats the weather forecast in Tokyo for this weekend?
fix my puzzle timer
When does this event start?
How long has Anthony worked at Apple
Can you set a reminder to look at flights at 5:30 AM Tuesday?
please delete any set alarm times
give me an update on this weeks news
use WeChat as my calling provider
List the people that are available please
Show me my reminder's for next week.
Call Jessica
Send message to my employees that the office will close an hour early due to daylight savings
Could you set the alarm for 3pm, please.
Make this a video call with Mum.
invite child to this call
Add a grocery reminder to tomorrow’s list
let's hear the weather for russia
Change my reminder to pick James up after baseball practice to Saturday at 11am
Anyone from Oregon?
How long will the tornado warning last in Oklahoma
Remind me to file all paperwork this Sunday.
is idaho getting more than average rain
When did Martha stop working for Walgreens
Remind me that I have a dentist appointment on Tuesday the 7th.
set alarm every five minute between 6 and 630
i want you to record a video message for my grandma jess
Movies coming out this weekend in South Dakota
Anyone I know who graduated from UCF in Orlando?
Send a message to Aunt Pat asking if she wants to meet up.
Where was Chris Rock born?
see if bob is around to dial in
What reminders are set in September after the 15th?
Any good live music tonight
What sort of weather will be happening in Thailand during July?
What is happening tonight in Miami
News headlines on CNN
Play some jazz.
Set an alarm for Friday at 2:30 pm to renew my gym membership.
Update timer to 15 minutes.
open iHeartRadio and play Original Album Classics on shuffle
Remind me to water the flowers on today.
Any recent news about terrorists?
How do I cook ratatouille
Any news on North Korea this evening
Remind me tomorrow to email Kate.
I need vegan recipes for cookies
Have an alarm set up to run every Thursday at 6am
remind me to book flight tickets for sandy, tj and tima
Call the group
cancel my reminder to buy milk
Set an alarm for my meeting at 3:00 PM
set a timer for 30 seconds
Show where we are supposed to meet in the reminder for 18th.
reply to Jeffrey S Ball with a video message
set timer for 1 and half hours from now.
Show me other health events
send a video to Veronica
i want to touch base with Bailey Harrison
Tell me the location of the last event
I want to listen to idontwannabeyouanymore by Halsey on Spotify
Can you play more songs like the last one
Things to do in PA tonight
homemade steak seasoning
Please set reminder to pick up Jayson after football practice on Friday.
What's the recent news on fox
Will I need to wear a waterproof jacket today?
Which of Stephan Havas aunts were born Tuesday?
What time does the parade on Main Street start tonight
Set alarm for 30 minutes
Are there any live performances this week with tickets available
I want to hear that last song again
Delete the reminder to walk the dog on Sunday
Create a reminder to email work on Monday at 8am.
send a message to my parents
tell me more about leanna
It would be great if you could remind me 30 minutes before my 2:00 appointment.
Make an event reminder for dad's retirement party next month.
Hey bot can you tell me the weather for new York America
remind me to call the work bus for transportation update
open Spotify and play True
Events in Milwaukee this weekend
Please pause the timer.
who of my friends are online
Ask Jordan when the wedding is.
Where does Liam live?
please terminate call
Remove all remidners for the next 2 hours
Set an alarm this Thursday at 9am and 10am
Call my Girl Friend
Events in Sacramento
Do I have a friend that works in Los Angeles?
Remind me to call att.
Give me a frech recipe
Which vegetable has the highest amount of vitamin D
Friends of Kit
Start an video call with Productivity
call Michelle number three
show my alarms for tuesday please
i need to change the reminder i have set for the game next week
Set a reminder to get the tires checked on August 1st
Send a message to Louise and ask if I left my wallet in her car.
Did any of my friends attend Grand Canyon University?
Remove the alert on my reminder about the work party.
respond interested to A Bewitching Fete
Show me messages from Leonid via Messenger
Create a new alarm for the first of January next year at 3pm.
Turn my music off
Did Sarah ever work for Best Buy
take 20 minutes off the timer
will i need a coat tomorrow
give me a news update from cnn
Give me Lee's age
what is the weather today ?
What is the top news story of the hour
What is Michelle's work address in Boise?
Will there be any flooding from the rain?
Create wakeup alarm for tomorrow at 6am
any new healthcare repeal news
Played the song southern nights
Please play some music from the 80s
Temperature outside this weekend Celsius
let's see who's online
Can you video message Alan Cox?
Call my daughter please
tell me the big news
What's the latest CNN story?
repeat this song again
Create a alarms for 1pm and 5pm on Monday for a Month
Restart the timer I set
call Victor and Sara
please phone call 5558546 on Skype
What is the main headline in USA Today?
add Moses to this call
Read me a news headline
Change reminder for Fido's haircut from Friday to Saturday
new time for alarm, please
Remind me to leave the Keys for James
I'd like to call Lola Valeria White
Set a timer for 35 minutes for lunch.
call Daisy Clemons, Isiah King, Brody Oneil, and Kiley Joyce on Whatsapp
play I will go to you like the first snow station on iheartradio
Should I carry a jacket today?
Put five extra minutes on the steak timer
Show me texts from Janice via Facebook
Weather in houston for tomorrow?
I don't want sports events
What concerts are in Dallas this week
April Fools Day events in Oakland town today
I'm done listening to music.
Events in Escondido tonight
Any news I should know about?
I want to set a reminder to go get Lisa a sketchbook and earbuds tomorrow.
Show news stories about car accidents in Detroit.
Who is the artist of this song?
I need the weather for Henley in Arden
set my alarm for 4:30 tomorrow morning
Can you give me more details about the Miami Marlins sale
Where does the US stand with adversaries?
When does the second event start?
Please set a timer for 4 am
set a reminder for tomorrow at 6 30 am
play Boston greatest hits on Pandora
Has design code group sent me anything
What's happening in New Orleans tonight
Set an alarm for 6pm this evening
are we going to have thunderstorms tomorrow?
Who's going to Free Intro to Reiki?
Start the timer in two minutes
Restart and play some happy music
repeat all music off
Stop this song and play the next
turn on unavailable mode
I need a recipe that uses cucumbers
make an alarm for saturday at 11pm
Short rib recipes please
is there any new news on the president
Set the oven alarm for 50 minutes.
Any special events coming up
Is it going to be below 64 in degree celsius madrid next week
set a time for 23 minutes
How many people were injured in Virginia this weekend?
Anything happening in New York next weekend
Please change my reminders next week to the week after.
Remind me tomorrow to make a dental appointment.
add new playlist
Are there any events scheduled for next week
Phone dad
What's happening in Lorain next wekend
Set a timer for 21 minutes.
Delete the reminder to pick up groceries tonight
I need to know Cory Brumfield's Twitch Username
I would like you to tell me when the first event starts
set new timer for 10 minutes
Call Mohammed now
Make a group call for the family reunion please
Whats the latest news on North Koreas nukes?
who is amelia
set up a reminder for my book club meeting
set up a reminder 30 minutes before my 2pm meeting so I can prepare
create an alarm for Oliver at 7pm
What is the weather like in Harpswell, ME?
I need to schedule a vet visit for my bird.  Remind me tomorrow.
Give me news from Fox
update on local news headlines
I need an alarm set for 5 hours from now
Create alarm for next thursday
start a group call with mark and melissa
Will there be any fog this evening in Santa Monica
How do you make chicken spaghetti
call Emily Frazier Sims
open google play music and play green day
What is the news for tulsa, oklahoma?
Who is Art's friend, Sean?
command to call my friend Jess
What will the weather be like at 12:00PM today?
what remineder do i have for saturday
Set a recurring alarm for every second Sunday starting with this Sunday.
Update my luncheon alerts from 3 PM to 4 PM
Add mom to this call, please
I need an alarm to go off tomorrow afternoon
Anything fun happening in Clermont December 25th
This is a good song on Spotify, what is it?
What spices do I need for chili
Remind me to turn off the stove.
how many calories are in a homeade nacho supreme
Play some Celine Dion songs
Make an alarm for tomorrow evening please
can you pick up dane Madison's call
What day do I have a reminder to go to yoga class?
I need you to delete the reminder to do laundry on Friday
Remind John that the movie premiere at 7 downtown.
remind me i have a dentist appointment
can you record a video message for Heerdt Albertina
Tell me all about Kady please
Make an alarm for 10 in the morning, please
Delete all future alarms
Send video message on Facebook
How is the temperature in Afghanistan?
will it be windy tomorrow ?
Set up the alarm for 6am.
Would you send text to Giles via Messenger
Would you dial Kiera Farley and Nolan Fernandez
hang up on Hayes
What will the high temperature be tomorrow?
turn on 101.9
How do I mince onions
Missed calls for today. Now.
What are the most recent news headlines?
create an alarm for friday at 9am and saturday 12pm
remind me to attend parent night on wednesday
call Deborah right away
Remind me to schedule B her yearly checkup on Monday.
Make an alarm for Friday at 4pm
call my father please
Tell me the low temperature for tonight
where to go in el paso today
who in my family went to Pitt
what is today's major headline?
Can you remind me to buy flowers online for my mother-in-law's happy day?
How many calories are in vanilla ice cream
Acknowledge Sherman and tell him I got his voicemail.
Things to do in Biloxi next week
Please play me some r&b music
Lasagna recipe from scratch
What's the weather at 10am please
does Kenzie have any sisters?
Add Curtis to this current call.
Get me BBC latest news
can you please send video message to the groomsmen thread
What is Melanie's home address?
Delete all reminders about move in for July
Remind me about shopping for school on tax free weekend.
Add another timer, this time make it for 45 minutes
How many degrees is it using Kelvin
play 106.1
can you use Messenger to call Justin Acosta
leave current call and switch to new call
Will it be warmer at 4pm
what was the name of the last song
How do I re-heat asparagus
Play top country songs of all time.
Who is Mira?
Make an alarm for the 1st of every month for the next six months
Business news, please
Is Jack currently online?
Remind me to check into my flight online at 5pm
Remove my reminder to not keep my phone charging overnight.
Can I see the book club reminder for next month?
Do I have missed calls from yesterday?
What are the highs and lows on Friday
what is a serving size of rice
Only use apple as my music app
Restart the last timer.
How long should I mix the cake batter for?
what reminders do I have about kids school plays?
Remind me to take the chicken out the freezer tonight at 9pm
i would like to message Darren a text via Messenger
Help me make dinner
remind jerry about his grandmother's birthday next week
call Baker and Myers
How many inches of snow are we getting today?
Last time I called Colin
What concerts are happening this weekend in New Jersey
are there any reminders this week for meetings with the school officials
What ingredients do i need for Crab Cakes
Can I eat raw fish
Set a reminder to walk the dog at 6 pm
what is the weather tomorrow
Send a video message to Milo regarding dinner.
Please start a call session with my study on Whatsapp
reply with a Facebook video message
set my status as not going to Pumpkins in the Park
Can I listen to the Disappearing One track by Chris Cornell on Spotify?
Set an alarm for 10pm Sunday, Monday, & Tuesday.
Show people
remind me to feed the dog today at 5pm
Put the timer to start the oven
I want to listen to Joshua Radin's latest album
How many eggs do you need to make a cake
Set a timer for five minutes now.
set a workout for an hour with alarms every 10 minutes
set timer for 56 minutes
should I bring the plants in tonight
set a 4 minute timer please
call Whatsapp Zander Reyes
Who lives in nesconset?
What is the temperature low for today
New stories on Huffington Post, please.
what's the temperature at 7 am tomorrow
Answer the new call, please
Set my timer for the usual time please
Message Brain and tell him that the paperwork for the Smith house is needed.
when did the song come out
Delete morning reminder for Tuesday
Create alarm for this Tuesday
how long do you grill salmon
How many calories are in chicken Kiev
will it be raining tonight
What is Bruce's most recent home address?
What can I go do
pause all alarms
Latest report on Syria please.
What is the low temp supposed to be tonight?
lets see messages from Amber
show me who sent me video messages
Does sausage contain salt
Is anyone I know in south Carolina online
Play me Maroon 5's oldest album.
Make me unavailable at the moment
can you record a video message for Hermina Ike Corrga please
Tell UPS to resend that tracking information
where is rudy place to stay
Send Nish a message asking which gas station she is currently working at?
Are there any reminders for September?
What year was Pearl Harbor
What is the calorie count for eclairs
Delete the reminder about buying dog food since my husband already bought it.
Update my reminder that my nail appointment is at 2:00 instead of 1:00.
Can you make an alarm for the 18th at 7am?
What is todays UV index?
Whats Tims highest grade level
Where does Patty live?
How many calories are in flourless chocolate cake
Remind me to grade the assignments tomorrow afternoon.
Put five minutes on the timer
add 15 more minutes to my timer
whats happening in Pensacola
How much milk do I need to make banana pudding
Who in my friends went to Mt. San Jacinto College in the 80s?
text happy birthday to Zachary Fletcher and Sarah
convert 1/2 cup fresh parsley into dried parsley
how many calories in a cup of whole milk
How to make a vegan omelette
change timer from now to later
What's happening this weekend in San Diego
Please update me with news on the Clinton email scandal.
How old is Jo Nelle?
delete reminder for Paul's birthday
we are gonna call Kaleb Price now
send dad a text that i am home
locate and play on repeat simple man by jensen ackles
Give me the news headlines update
what temperature is water boiled at
play the album Good Girl Gone Bad on iheartradio
any recent news on Queens events?
Continue news
Elizabeth attended Indiana University during which years?
Find friends of mine that know Katie.
update reminder set for Aug 30th from 7 am to 8 am.
Give me an alarm every 3 minutes.
how do you make lime pickle
make a eight minute timer and four hour timer and four minute timer
Remove the my reminder for Friday's doctor's appointment at 10:00 am
what ingredients go into a chocolate chip cookie
What are the ingredients for KFC fried chicken
i would like to message that video to Eric, Sarah, and Sarah
Did any of my friends study abroad at any point in their college career?
Give me non-spicy Indian food recipes
Please play my spotify playlist
What is the weather forecast for Philly tonight?
Is cheese vegetarian
Thinks  to do in Ft. Worth this coming weekend
how do you re-hydrate dried fruit
can I get a weather update for tonight
Events in Silverlake tonight
play Old Thing Back (feat. Ja Rule and Ralph Tresvant) on iHeartRadio
time my mile run
remind me to call plumber to get leak fixed
play EXO on iheartradio
Remind me to send Matt's stamps tomorrow.
weather forecast for the next three days please.
what is the average temp here next week?
did selena gomez get sent to prison
rsvp yes to the third event
can you record a video message for Ronna Grew
I want to listen to Jeremih on google play
go on with the You aren't done running till this goes off timer
Do I have any family in Myrtle Beach?
Create 'go to work' alarm
hows the weekend's weather looking?
How long should you cook a 20 pound turkey
Start playing my favorites playlist.
please play Zedd's last album
When did Lila start at Harvard university
What NFL players are in the news
play the chainsmokers
Snooze my alarm for 2 minutes, please.
wake me up after 2 hours
Advise the outlook for the weekend.
do I need an umbrella today
Set up a reminder to call Candy about her new store
i want to phone call 3895555049
is ups still andrews employer
please use google play music for music
Temperature for Toronto Canada?
play Xzibit on iheartradio
Delete the reminder to let the dog out because he died
Please read details on last night's Rachel Maddow show.
show time remaining on timer
What is the temperature in Sacramento
Pause my music.
What is the breaking news for New York
Did I remember to video call John today?
Play 80's country music
Will it rain any more today?
Remind me to drop off Camden's prescription form
freeze the call
erase the current logs on the timer
Set alarm for 3.30 every Monday
Upcoming concerts in Houston for the next month
Is there a storm expected in Tahoe tomorrow?
read new message.
Delete the current timer.
Tell me about Kristy's boyfriend Steve
Delete all my alarms.
Ask Mary for date and time for bonfire
Set alarm for 7:00am for the next 5 days.
call Lyle X Pendley 's aunt
text Robert and Sigourney that on my way
is charles online now
Can I see the reminder about Craig's orientation?
Did the timer end
Read me sports headlines
Nutritional information for an oatmeal muffin
Turkey important news please
how long do i boil eggs for
Any thing fun happening this weekend
Will it be hot in New York next Wednesday?
How many birthdays are on May 30th, 1944?
change the default music provider
what's the weather in Barton upon Humber
Can you update reminder to bring John home from work Wednesday
can you leave Thea Ludovici a video recording for now
What time did I get my last call
Can you put the alarm on a 10 minute snooze
video message Kamila
Cancel all my timers.
Do I need long sleeves today?
Has Fidela Maniar sent me anything?
phone the uncle of Aubrey Wagner
make a call to Noelle's papa Derek
who resides in boulder
can you remind jackson to leave at 4 tomorrow and alert him a half hour before
What do I need to buy for a butter cream frosting?
tell me what calls I've missed
How many cups of flour should I put in this cake
Play some classic rock on google play
Remind me to stop the newspaper on August 01.
Is the hurricane being televised
launch two timers first for 30 minutes and then for 40 seconds
Show me a recipe for baked spaghetti
Message my family asking what restaurant are we eating at or dinner tonight
Who is James Bond?
do not play any more justin bieber
Turn off my availability
How the whether will be
END CALL
What's the most popular headline today
DId anyone video message me on Messenger
Play Tool radio on Pandora
i need details on the new space mission
show me video messages from cousin Devin
set alarm for 8:30am
How do I make alfredo sauce
Get my texts from Stacey, Sarah and Mini Mouse
Headlines in financial news
Set the sleep timer for 10 minutes
Play me Jimmy Buffett's greatest hits
Most recent news from today
how many calories in a cup of cottage cheese
Today's current news
I want a recipe for pumpkin pie
I need a reminder for 45 minutes from now.
How hot is it supposed to get this weekend?
i'd like to call 5685552987  using cell
What spices do I need for Tikka Masala
does clint eastwood have any kids
Is there a rugby game over the weekend
mark me as not going to NW Indigenous Peoples: Sharing Powwow Ways
Tell me the the weather for this weekend!
call Mason using Whatsapp video chat
Set alarm for 6 am
message a video message
start a call with Destiny Collins via WhatsApp
What temperature should chicken thighs be cooked at
What is the oven temperature in Alton Brown's Roast Turkey recipe
Resume the timer in 18 minutes
Wake me up at 1pm
I want to update my alarm.
play the album 4 on iheartradio
message my sister that I can meet her at the family dinner tomorrow
Turn off alarms
Move to the next song on the album
how old is my nephew Josua
Find address of Aunt Brenda in Columbus.
Set an alarm for 2:30 tomorrow morning, please
set reminder to mail dna test tonight
stop first timer
Set alarm every minute for 24 minutes
Conditions of weather for 4th of July in the United States
Remind me to check in to my flight at 9am.
Start video message
Please set me to unavailable
At 1.30pm on the 5th of October, will it be sunny in Sydney Australia?
Can you please record a video message for Cohen
Update my alarm to 6pm on Friday.
Get my text messages from Daniel, Steve and Kevin Gershwin
Turn off
Show me where my lunch reminder is for ..
play Summertime Sadness (Lana Del Rey Vs. Cedric Gervais) - Cedric Gervais Remix on google play
Can you call Paul?
I need recipes for chicken parmesan alfredo
Will it be above 64 in degrees Fahrenheit in Tokyo
Set timer for 8 minutes.
Take away all the reminders that are set for tomorrow at 5 pm.
Remind me to bake cookies tomorrow night for the bake sale
REMIND BRIDGETT TO PLACE HER ORDER BY TUESDAY AT 3PM.
What news is happening with the president of China
Who play's this song?
we are gonna call Kevin
weather, 7 day outlook
does Jennifer live in Chicago?
Create a reminder to pick up the dry cleaning tomorrow.
I'm available today
what is tomorrows forecast
Read today's reminders back to me.
End current accept new call
Who lives in ATL?
i want to hear classical music
retrieve my message
What is the weekly forecast for Seattle?
How to cook pasta perfectly
Remind me to take the laundry out of the dryer in an hour.
reminder to order extra long sheets for college dorm bed
How do you make pizza dough
Give me news about the world cup bid
call eric and sally
What is the best way to make an omelet?
on whatsapp call grandfather's cell
Skip that song, I do not like it
How's the weather?
end this call in 1 minute so that I can eat
what is a popular chocolate chip recipe
interested in going to The Occupation of Alcatraz
Pause the egg timer
remind me to call mom at 7
Is it going to snow in the mountains today?
please delete the reminders to call mom during month of October
us today live
delete my old list
Cancel all the timers.
Anything I should know about in the news today?
When is my reminder to meet with Sally in Topeka?
try to call Angelica Shelby
Add butter to my grocery reminder.
i want to listen to maroon 5
change alarm to 6 am please
Call my brother at his  home number
what are the ingredients for green bean casserole
The water bill is due on the 15th remind me the week before to send it off
How many friends has Bruno
New alarm for 8am every saturday
Record a video message for daughter.
How do I prepare a moist steak
pause the time please
make a reminder on 8/2 for a doctor's appt at 9:45
Can you give me an update on the White House
play the album Unorthodox Jukebox on iheartradio
Has the dog lovers group messaged me since Tuesday
reply with that Facebook video message
read the recent news updates
find Marina's step brother
Set an alarm for 10 a.m. Friday
What are the most popular news story today?
create an alarm for Fridays at 2.30am
show me friends of Marks
Can you put a timer on for an hour from now
What reminders do i have for sunday?
Make a wedding day alarm for Saturday 2nd at 8am
i will be available in 15 minutes
Remind me to visit the gynecologist wednesday at 4pm.
call Kai and Ava
When will the sunrise
Can you remind me to book my flight to Mexico.
end the timer
Show me the news from The Mail
I need all reminders from Walker.
Is it going to snow?
I need news updates for Wichita, ks.
Make a call to my Los Angeles group on Skype
Recent stories on accidents in Livonia
Play some reggae.
Answer all afternoon calls.
How hot did it get yesterday
Play my Discover playlist.
Skip any track from Journey.
play the track Happier
How long should I leave salmon in the oven?
play the song 23
Set an alarm for 7:00am on 25th July
show the location of the reminder for grandparents 50th anniversary party
set timer for lights for 7:00 pm
How cold is it today new york degrees fahrenheit
Could you message Tom to see where he'll be next week?
play music from the atomic blonde movie
please set an alarm for 4pm
is it going to snow sunday
Find me the song that goes, "never make a pretty woman your wife"
Set a reminder for when my homework is due.
Restart my timer please
i want to call 555-9463  from Pixel
What will the weather be like Saturday?
Play the remedy for a broken heart by Ty Dolla $ign.
play Tonight by Ludacris
I need an 11 minute pasta timer
Video message to Christopher.
put my siblings into call
What's the weather in Amsterdam?
What ingredients are in Chicken Marsala
How to make arab tahini sauce
Find more about Mike
call 676-555-5608
please play me hard rock music
How long do I cook spaghetti
New message Hey, Deshan just called me
i would like to message Ned on Messenger that sounds good
Please pause the current track
Please cancel my reminder to practice clarinet.
Set reminder for 12pm
Who's Larry's employer?
What's the weather like in East Anglia?
create a reminder to do the dishes this weekend
What is the status of my timer?
add 15 minutes to the Wake up wife timer
Add Marion to the group call.
play all reminders
Any recent news in Ohio
please send the ping pong club group
Send this video message to John on Christmas day.
I want simple vegan recipes
Ask Betsy how long the drive is from my house to hers
Make an alarm for 8:00am and 9:00am
What is a good fish for grilling
Is it going to be sunny all week?
play justin bieber
What rack should I bake my pizza on
What ingredients do I use to make homemade chocolate pudding
Set 3 alarms at 7, 8 and 9am
Who is Vilda?
Could you tell me the most popular events going on this weekend
Make call to my supervisor now.
i want to call Ben
what temperature do i cook leg of lamb
Call Stephanie Conrad Escobar for me
Set alarm for 12:00 pm Tuesday and Friday.
Tell me about Alex
Set a reminder to clean the man cave at 5 pm
Who works at the McDonald's on Oregon Pike?
Can you tell me who is online?
set an alarm for 1120
Take 15 mins off the timer
Tell me some things about Jeremy.
How long has it been so far
Set the timer for 48 hours
Delete the alert on the reminder for the show tomorrow night.
i want to call Jennifer Hooper Zuniga
Remind me that Sophia does not like Vanilla ice cream on Saturday night.
Do I have any friends in Vermont?
Remind me about the orthodontist appointment next month
set an alarm for 2240h
list of people who currently work at Lacey Medical Clinic
create a playlist of pop music
Please switch call
what is the average rainfall in the Sahara desert
Play me kesha on spotify
What's going on downtown on Friday night
Link mom to the current active call
i need to set a timer for 5 minutes
Remind me to go to the meeting at 10 am.
change timer  to 5 minutes
Set a 60 second timer
recommend some dog-friendly events
going to Olympic Peninsula Apple and Cider Festival
introduce the timer that will last 1 minute
Remind Joao to pick me up at 5 p.m. today.
Fun things to do in Vermont next month
Does milk tea need sugar at all
call Wischmann Grace 's sister
call Sullivan A Meyer
i need the addess to Tony's house
I'm going to need to see all the reminder relating to Madison.
Play fake smile by BROCKHAMPTON
Is it raining today in new York ?
Show me people I know who went to SUU?
Broadway shows opening this month
3pm alarm on July 4th
Get rid of my reminder to refill my prescription for Wednesday.
please change my Interval training timer
What's the weather in beach?
send Jennifer and Fred text
set my status as going to Dia de los Muertos
What are the trending news stories today
start a timer for 20 minutes
could you find Isaiah for me
Do I have any dinner reminders for Friday?
Who works at Popeye's?
Is anyone I know online
Delete my timers
Please play 80s music.
Cancel my alarm.
Advise Trish in the message to come prepared to Thursday's legal proceedings.
Can we expect sunshine today?
Any ice hockey game happening in February
send that video to Gavin, Danny, and Tom
please don't pick that up for me
Set a night alarm at 10 pm.
tell becky I do not have time for lunch today
who graduated from Harvard
remind me to buy school supplies before august
Show list of reminders.
US Immigration news
can you snooze my alarms this weekend
Tell me what time sundown is.
How many calories are in a grilled chicken sandwich
How much time is left on my running timer?
Delete this song
Is my mom available to talk on line?
Is it around 86 in celcius near Manila tomorrow morning
create alarm for 825
Add a reminder to call the doctor tomorrow morning and see when they have an available appointment.
Set the alarm for 10 mins.
Delete all my reminders for Tuesday.
Give me the best Chic-fil-a mimic recipes
Does Brielle have kids?
Will there be snow this November?
What's my brother's address?
What is poi and how is it prepared
LEAVE THIS CALL
How does gordon ramsay scramble eggs
call Staci Okeke 's grandfather
mark me as not going to the third event
Reset my timer to 90 minutes.
Set a timer in 1 hour
Tell me what it's going to feel like in the Maldives.
How long does it take to cook banana bread
Remind me to call The bank after noon.
call Kallie Davis on video on Whatsapp
How much left on the timer
Read my messages
play songs by elmo
Find me an easy pasta recipe for dinner
what are the macros for a veggie burger
Can you tell me the weather for Christmas in Hawaii?
play Kanye West
Remind me to feed my fish tonight.
Show me all reminders.
Snooze Alarm please. 10 minutes
open my ski play list
Ring Steven
Send a video call to my family.
Change the Family Dinner alert on May 5th to May 4th.
How long does a roast have to stay in the oven
Set an alarm for 7:30 a.m.
add a timer for 60 seconds
dial Selena Mills
was N Korea in the news today
reminder to compare dates for the church picnic and the office dinner next week add new members to the church picnic emails
What cool events are happening tonight
How temp do I have to cook chicken to
whose birthday reminders are this month
whats davids new address since the move
Will it be fine on Sunday at 3pm?
Can you show me more events different from this one please?
Any fun events tonight
Get my messages from the hiking club chat
Turn on Yo Gotti music
Remind me to give Ron a bath this weekend on Sunday afternoon.
Video call with my parents.
Weather status for this afternoon
Set an alarm for 55 minutes from now.
what are the ingredients for kombucha tea
can you send the cooking thread message
Did Donald Trump tweet about Congress today
close this call
call up the grandpa of Luke Burgess
Play the first song that Garth Brooks ever released.
can you pick up Espinosa's call
Will it be below 83 in degree F at Menlo Park tonight
What time is sunrise?
international tech news for this week please
delete all work reminders
Tell Joel we will meet him at the Marcus Theater for the 11:15 show
Give me a list of who is available
What is the weather going to be tomorrow?
What time did mum ring me when I was away?
sound alarm at 13h60
Music events in Sioux falls this weekend
Start a call with my garden club group
Find me something to do
remove two minutes from the timer
call Wesley through whatsapp
Read all my unread messages.
Set a wake up alarm for friday
Deliver my video message to Jill.
Add 99 minutes to my timer
end the call now
What are my reminders for the month of August?
Share this book event with Jared
Friends of Donald Trump
How long will it rainfall for today
I want to find out about Joe.
can use please use WhatsApp to call Antonio Munoz
Set my availability as unavailable
Songs with piano
Please snooze alarm for 5 minutes.
can you call Jayceon Hendrix in WhatsApp
Set a timer for 6 minutes
create a new timer
don't answer it
Play country songs
please make me unavailable
Contact, Jim, start call
still unavailable
What friends of mine is online?
Is Katie online?
What is all in bread
Can you snooze my alarm for 5 minutes?
text Ella and Brieanna that happy new years
End this video call
Show me messages from my grandparents
call Irene Powell
Add mowing the backyard to my household chores reminder next week.
tell me the recipe for pull pork
dial susie also
what is the best way to make a protein bar
Remind me to wash the sheets tonight
Set alarm for 10 am tomorrow
Delete my reminder for laundry tonight.
add my grannies to the call
go ahead and call Tessa
Play the 90's hits playlist
Will there be rain in New Albany?
When is the reminder for the charity event?
text my grandparent and tell him that is there anything youd like to eat when you get here
Cancel reminds for today.
replay the last google music song
Most popular songs by Men Without Hats
Is it raining in Reno?
Stop Timer.
Remind me when what time my hair appointment was made for
Remind me to call mom tonight at 7
can you remind me to call Kaz after dinner
play Greatest Hits - Chapter One by Mike Posner
Change my 'get ready' alarm to 11am
can you turn clock on for 5:10
What are quick healthy dinner recipes
Who is Taylor Swift's current boyfriend?
Message Chris asking to turn on the oven
Give my boyfriend a ring
Make a phone call with Brendon, Caitlyn, Grant, and Leslie
can i hear the newest celebrity gossip news
any recent news on queen elizabeth
What are the reminders for next Tuesday?
Make a reminder for my doctor's appointment.
i want you to record a video message for my friend Marlee
i'd like to modify alarm for the gym to 4pm
Remind me that the cable guy will be out to fix the cable today at 4 pm.
add an alert on phone 1/2 hour before for the train to Berlin.
I'd like you to tell me where the last event is at
Would you call with Brennan Camacho and Brody Oneil on Messenger
Repeat the title song from Dear Evan Hansen
set alarm to ring at 12p every day
friend list please
Friends of my uncle.
things to do this weekend
Read my afternoon reminders.
Are there any hurricanes right now?
Is it raining at all next week?
Call Cleveland Clinic's help line
Remind me to buy more laundry detergent on Tuesday
Tell me about Sarah's brother.
set timer to 30 seconds
Send George a message that I will not be meeting him in the morning.
Play music from the 60s
Change my availability as busy
who is David
What Pop up shops are in SOHO this weekend
Cancel the reminder for the dog's vet visit
Remove all alerts to order lunch this week for work.
what's the weather for this week?
current temperature now
What years was Winston Churchill prime minister of England?
Who do I know from New York City?
please edit the reminder time for dinner tonight from 7pm to 6pm
Don't answer any calls from my parents
What degrees does Kaylyn have listed?
Cancel reminder to buy groceries this Thursday
Job fairs in my area this month
What's the forecast for Sheffield?
call Ashton's sister Cayden
Remind me to call my dad tonight
What are the events in downtown Ocala this weekend
find me some of the calls that I have made today
What do I need to be reminded of on Sunday?
Check who is online right now
Where does my father work?
Change timer to 45 minutes.
Do I have any friends who graduated from Harvard?
Update to available
I want an alarm set
Time the pace.
Remind me to send the finished code to Josh by the end of the day on Friday.
whats trending in the news right now?
please change the reminder to meet jeff tomorrow instead of darryl
who works at forever 21
Find me a recipe for shrimp cocktail
how many calories are in an egg
please find me Rodger's father
call Tori Bortle 's grandmother
message Diana saying He is literally a suit full of chickens coming home to roost
Ending call
Send a message to Darlene and ask if she can babysit tonight.
set my status as interested for that event
What reminders do I have for payday dates?
Set a birth control alarm for 930pm.
Remind me to call my mother
Find me calls from this afternoon.
Who's Mary's mom?
Remind me to text Maddie at 3 PM on Wednesday about picking up the cake.
Get rid of all reminders regarding Jason's movie premiere
Can you show me who is available
i want an alarm time of 6am
PLAY SOME ROCK & ROLL MUSIC
I wanna i would like to message video message to Filby on Messenger
on Messenger contact Rebecca Randall
rsvp maybe for the second event
Please create a reminder on Monday evening for me to reach out to Jason and find out how the pitch meeting went.
Does briyani need ginger garlic paste
can i play the last song again
Set a day long timer
Remind me bring Josh to soccer practice tomorrow evening
Ignore calls from my daddies Chuck
Remind me to start getting dressed for work at 4 pm.
WHEN IS IT EXPECTED TO RAIN NEXT?
Could you resume the call now
Switch to a video call
Tell me the biggest news story of the day.
set my alarm for 11 pm tonight
Set a daily alarm for 5:00 am.
What should the internal temperature of fish be
15 minutes on the timer
Delete my cooking reminder.
remind me to get beer tomorrow
set timer for 19 months please
Set alarm every minute for 10 minutes.
video call brothers in law and jill
Is it safe to eat the stuffing that you stuff the turkey with
Set a reminder for me to make an appointment with my eye doctor for next week
Remove all alarms on Friday 23rd
please set an alarm for 3 am
Give me a recent news update please.
whats the news with north korea
News headlines for today
record a video message for Ricardo
Add Mom to the call
Show me the weather for the next week
call Jack instead
What's the weather in Celsius degree?
All the missed calls from Tony were at what time on Sunday?
when is she graduating from CSU
When did Christine graduate from Madonna University?
Show me some more events
play jack johnson's new songs
Send a message that my daughters appearing in a rock concert in Seattle on Bremerton Sunday 5 PM please RSVP
Lucie borrowed my blue dress, remind me to get it back after her party.
can you send it to Fred on WhatsApp
Add another reminder for next week’s final exam.
What's the weather like in Amsterdam in August
how much snow will chicago get tomorrow?
Set a new alarm for 8am
Temperature inside tonight C
Any news about the North Korea?
Reach out to Dave and tell him I will meet him at 4pm at Logan's.
Have timer go off every 20 minutes
Are there any lacrosse matches happening soon
Can you show me my past events please?
what is the temperature going to be tomorrow
id like to cancel my timer i have set
Is it umbrella weather?
Does pad thai have peanut butter in it?
Did anyone sign on?
how to make veggie chicken nuggets
Message Fred to see if he is going to still be an exotic dancer in Canada
id like to have a timer set for 4 minutes
give me the address to julias office
When is the next storm coming?
Reset the timer.
temperature today
Please play the last track again
What did Erin get a degree in?
Change my recent reminder to Friday.
How to cook green chile enchiladas
add a 15 minute snooze to each alarm
WHAT IS THE NEWS IN PARIS
how many apples for the pie
Cancel my alarms please.
how do you cook eggs benedict
Create call for me Aurora, Francesca, and Cristian Long
I want to pull up all of the reminders labeled Micheala
Who of my friends lives on Bartlett Street ?
Where does Kus live?
call Stanley and Clayton
What reminders do I have set up for next week Thursday morning?
how much sodium in a teaspoon of salt
what are the day before yesterday's headlines
Has Bill Clinton been in the news lately
at what temperature do you fry fish
please set my alarm every 6 minutes
can i listen to Never Recover by Kendrick Lamar
start a video message
Do any of my friends currently live in Miami?
inform me of the weather in London
How is the weather looking for Sunday?
Remind me to do my workout at noon tomorrow
who sings the song Ashes to Ashes
call London my wife
Add an alarm for July 2nd
call Landen F
Please add Francine to the call.
give me a new alarm for 11h30
call Earlean Staine 's husband
Events in Los Angeles next weekend
What will today's high be?
Play my relaxing songs
When is it supposed to start raining tomorrow
I want to call the prayer please
start video message to deb
Search new age genre
what temp is best for searing
how long do i bake biscuits
Set alarm for 8am Thursday
set the timer for 10 minutes
how to make cinnamon rolls
call Pasty Inks 's dad
set a cooking reminder in 2 hours
play Soul Manifesto: 1964-1970 by OMI
Could you connect me to daughters play date on Wechat
Can you please set my timer to ding in 20 minutes
play Wind Of Change on iHeartRadio
call Dayana number two
What is going on in the news for my local area?
thumbs up this song
What's the temperature for tonight?
when did lisa finish at um
Which of my friends living in New York have birthdays this month?
What time did I call Amy today?
how long should i bake a pie
Remind me to listen to Come and Reason podcast at 10:00am on Saturday.
repeat alarm every monday at 4pm
Is it going to be cloudy at all today?
Where does Istiana live?
Are the odds good that it will rain today
what is the weather like right now?
I want you to recommend me fitness events for next weekend in Hyannis
Is there alcohol is vanilla extract
Remind me to pick up Jake at 3
what are the current events today
arrange an alarm for 3
should I take my coat to work today?
Delete reminder to book clown for my daughters birthday party next month.
call Enid Requa right yes
grab my messages from my dad Quinn
news update on the winter olympics
tomorrow in columbus
What time will it rain
Is it going to be around 37 degrees C for Dublin next week
call favorite five Group
Please remind me to delete my Prince music playlist at 1 PM today.
Start a timer countdown for 1 minute
who shows online?
Let Mike know that the soccer game has been post-poned
call Maddison 's granddaughter
Pause song please
Things to do by myself
Play the most popular country song.
restart timer for dinner
Add Alison to my call to Zac
START MY TIMER
Set alarms for 7am and 7:30am tomorrow.
will it get above 80 degrees this week?
Is it wise to carry an umbrella with me tonight?
how many cups of sugar go in a cake
create alarm for 1555h
Remind us about Josh's birthday on Thursday instead of Friday.
Read me the headline on Johnny Wong
Let’s record a video  message.
Set alarm for Monday at 2pm, Saturday at 9am and Sunday at 12pm.
change on plans, cancel timer
What is Hannah's degree?
What is the weather for tonight?
Delete reminder of piano lessons for Wednesday.
please play Vybz Kartel songs
REMIND JULIE OF MEETING NEXT WEEK
Hang up the call
What reminders do i have for this month?
How long is it supposed to rain?
Snooze all my alarms
How to cook a Turkey
I want you to tell me when the last event begins
i would like to message that video to the volleyball teammates group
Details on the elections please
Remind me to reply to John's email tonight at 7:00 pm.
How is the hurricane doing over Hawaii?
tell James that the barbecue starts at 12 tomorrow
What was the verdict on OJ Simpson's murder trial
Can you tell me who lives in Chicago?
Delete John from this call
When will it snow next week?
Can we add my cousins to the video chat?
WHO is singing this song?
Is anyone's  birthday coming up?
recurring alarm for 6 am please
How many feet of snow are we getting next week?
can I video message Finn
make a call to Dakota Stephens's mother
At what time will my timer go off?
Set a new alarm for 20 minutes please
which family member is from Sacramento.
where does Lee work now?
Begin incoming video call
Set an alarm for Monday at 5:30.
parades this month
What time is the tropical storm scheduled to reach Florida?
whats left on the timer
set it for 2 hours
what is going on with The Kardashians in the news
Could you ignore the call
coleslaw recipe without sugar
call Ok Skripko 's grandson
put on Classical Era
Tell me the name of the person calling right now
What was the weather warning
MESSAGE MY MOM TO MEET ME AT TIA MARIA FOR LUNCH
is that Beyonce singing?
does joe work at olive garden?
Play Nickelback
can you put up my timer on the screen
Spicy chicken recipe
remind me to go to school open house thursday
pause timer again
I'd like to call George J Rios
How many tablespoons of honey do you put in the vegan brownie recipe
What's happening in Manchester, NH tonight
what are my texts from grandson Wade
What is in the news right now
Play Body by NAV
Learn to cook soul food
how hot is it this arvo
Play me the theme song from the office
Delete my Gym reminders for December next year.
I would like to  activate  the video calling  now
Read the latest headlines from Charlottesville.
Display 5 day forecast
Can you give me more information on the federal budget decision from yesterday.
Add 15 minutes to existing timer
anybody i know work at whole food
what to do this weekend in san francisco
could I send a video message
How is the weather today
Send a message to my sister Debbie that the Yankee tickets go on sale this week.
Tell Sally the party starts at 7 PM on Father's Day
Message Jen to find out if she still wants to go to the Garth Brooks concert.
Turn on all alarms
how many cnn news stories will focus on trump today
Remove Dad from this call
Delete all the reminders created to get the school project done
Do Cuban beans contain sofrito
Give me the time left I have on my timer.
Weather please.
How many people were killed in today's terrorist attack
Matt's address of work
cancel all my scheduled alarms
play WSVO station on iheartradio
What are my reminders for this week?
Delete some minutes from my running time.
Had Obama Care been eliminated yet
show me all reminders for Thursday.
When did I get the call from Tracey
What kind of event is Oktoberfest?
can you tell me today's weather?
do i have any reminders to work n my taxes?
which guy friends are online?
contact Andrea Cordova on WhatsApp
Show me text messages from my family
Please Play Justin Bieber
call Carline France Walls
What was Tara's major in college
Set an alarm for 8:30 am
Will it snow in Baltimore city in December
Please read the details about Bill Cobsy court trial
Tell me my next bill due date reminder.
Help me change a reminder time.
I want to hear Taylor Swift's newest song
Is there news?
How high will it get
Send a message to Identity Boutique asking what time they open tomorrow
Does Brennan work at Highlife?
Do not play any rap music please
has john worked for google before
Anything fun to do tomorrow night
Play Despacito on repeat
give me the weather forecast for next week in miami.
Remind me to call my lawyer on Friday at 4 pm
sound alarm at 2110
Set a meeting alarm at 4pm
change the channel to Spotify
Remind me to create a template for work by Wednesday.
what's the latest health news
Will it snow on the weekend?
What ingredients are there in classic cheesecake
send message to Rggie that i will be there by evening
I'd like to call with Brian and Louis
can you pause the timer for me please?
Set an alarm for the the 7th of June
I need you to send my son Talon a video message please
What time did my boss call me?
How much rain is expected in New Orleans?
Remind me to text Jessica tonight
How many years did Jim work for Google?
Please help me find something to do uptown this Sunday
call David V
what can you do with chicken broth
Share this theater event with Samantha
Show me Kerry Austin Aunts birthdays
theater events in new york city this week
Open Spotify and play Car Ride Playlist
reply to the groomsmen group with video message
Is it supposed to be very hot and humid today?
North Korea latest news please
Set reminder September 15th for shop for kids costumes.
what is the lastest news in my area tonight
What is the current track list in pop music on Spotify
What can I do in Fairfax tomorrow
I want a call with Phillip Leonard and Kody Frye on Slack
I want to skip this song
tell me the weather outlook for this bank hoilday
What is the different temperatures for steak?
Fast forward this selection
What is the big headline today
turn on WQYZ station on iheartradio
Can you freeze cream cheese?
Have an alarm set to wake me up
Please set the alarm for tomorrow at 7
is it hot out today?
skip it
Will it be raining at 9pm tonight?
Stop video call with tyrion
please call Patrick right away
What are some recent events that have happened
how long should a 3 pound tritip roast
Get my video messages from the movie group
set my status as unavailable
Current news for Cincinnati, Ohio.
What does the timer say
Make my alarm ring at 7am Wednesday and Friday
Adding 5 minutes to the timer
Spanish weather please.
What degree did trevor graduate with?
Can you remind me to clean the car?
Molly's friends with who?
Who is playing this song?
Delete alarms for the next two months
Add eleven minutes to the timer.
Do you have any more religious events
get my call history with kelly from yesterday
Is Ontario having snow today?
respond no to the fifth event
Remind me to work out Thursday.
just play this song again
play all whitney houston songs
Get up at 11am and take the medicine
cancel my reminder to call john tomorrow
start the timer now for 4 minutes
What reminders does my husband Mark have for this month
Set up reminder to go grocery shopping Saturday.
Set a reminder to return library books by 5:00 today.
Set up a reminder on Friday the 31st for water polo practice
what time is the reminder set for jim's retirement party
Replay that song again.
Set a reminder in one week to organize my computer files
List my reminders for the day
Show me any messages
Hangouts call to Melissa
Remind me to buy toilet paper today.
Every day my alarm is set for what time?
Help me to remember that I need to get in touch with everyone who is planning to come to dinner to make sure they know what to briing.
start up a timer for french press
show me news updates on north korea
What is the weather like in New York
Local news update.
Send a reminder to Haley to do the dishes.
Would you add in Pasty Inks?
Tell me the weather forecast for Texas.
Make sure there is an alarm this Thursday at 6am
How is the weather in Toronto?
i want alarm to go off at noon and midnight
create a playlist called This Is BTS
make an alarm for Sunday @ 8
let me see video messages from my partner Tucker
respond with a video
How long has Lance worked for Novak?
Play women empowerment songs.
I would like to send a Messenger text
REMIND ME TO PRE-HEAT THE OVEN AT 4:30 PM.
Show me news headlines for today
How many seconds left on my timer?
Remind me to  email Appen regarding hours.
What are the top headlines in the Wall Street Journal today
what's in curry
Can you remind me to clean the cat litter box today?
Message Austin Mayers
Start Stopwatch
Tell me who is online now.
Is there any ice hockey match Tuesday
List all of my friends who went to Yale?
Are there any baseball matches this month in Las Vegas
can you eat raw chicken
Make an alarm for Thursday midnight.
Will the timer end soon?
Change my wake up alarm to 7:30am
Where does Istiana work?
add to Face mask timer 5 hours and 15 minutes
Is the hurricane coming over here?
how much time is remaining  on the reading timer
Events happening in March for Fargo
What is the weather forecast for Perth tomorrow?
stepmom need to be added to this call
Is there any ice in the forecast for this week
Change my alarm name to 'wake up'
What is the latest news for what is happening in China
Please delete the reminder about eggs.
is my timer going to go off soon?
set timer after 15 minutes
what's the weather for my destination
send it to Jacqulyn Yeates
restart the timer
Make me a daily alarm at 6pm please.
Ask the group if I'm included
I want to know the friends of Mary.
Modify my Work reminder with the subject line 'Work Meeting'
Show me my alarms
reply with the Messenger text
Please replay the last song
What temperature do I bake cupcakes at
display texts from my niece
Set a reminder to check the garage
Can you add this song to me Rock playlist on Spotify?
call Chloe call Eduardo with Whatsapp
Cancel timer
Who went to OCU?
read the world news.
Is it around 33 in degrees celcius london next week
can you play some radiohead music on spotify please
what are my video messages from my spouse
set one timer for 10 minutes and another for 27 minutes and another for 29 minutes
What are the headlines out of the EU
What's going on this weekend
Who is leahs current employer
Home address for Wanda?
How warm is it on Friday?
call Setsuko Leichner 's kid
Where is the reminder for the Christmas party that is next month?
What time is my next reminder?
Will it be humid out today?
start track from the beginning
Concerts in NYC next weekend
whats the news on donald trump?
Send Mom a message that I'll be there in one hour
please answer Zara Angelica
Can you end current call with Eric
I need a chicken and dumplings recipe
Send a message to Billy that I am running late
What does the weather forecast sound like for Turkey?
update the birthday date reminder to saturday
Details on the hurricane that hit Florida
What's the latest news on OJ Simpson?
show Selma's friends
ping John
What are my work reminders?
I dont want to miss the bus at 5am tomorrow, can you remind me 15 minutes before
Will it rain tomorrow or not?
Please give me the local news.
Which of my friends graduated at onu?
How long should steak rest before eating it
set timer for 1 minute
Go to previous song
I'd like to make Chicken Pot Pie from scratch.
Remind me to find all iPod's before bedtime so that they can be charged for the next day.
please call the kid of Kamila
Remind me four days in advance that I'm supposed to take an appetizer to the Fun Lunch next month.
Alter the flight alarm time from 7am to 5am
Should I char a burger first
what temperature should you fry chicken
call psychoanalyst
What concerts happen in Denver in April
Set an alarm for 10am tomorrow
What friends work for UHC?
how much fiber is in an apple
Add video on this call.
Create me an alarm for tomorrow afternoon.
i want to leave Emma a video recording
What is the humidity in Egypt
message Vicky saying thank you for the help that you did today
Remind my study group to be there at 11 am on Saturday.
Count to 2 minutes
whats a good recipe for pre-running food
tell her I can meet her at city walk at 3 pm today
Sports events in St Augustine this weekend
what are texts from Leon
do i have a reminder set for July 31st  for Mom and Dad's anniversary
Unavailable
Is there supposed to be cloud coverage today
where is Michael's school ?
Any recent news on Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce?
set timer for 10 seconds
Delete the birthday party reminder.
any new details about north korea?
Set my alarm for one
play my most listened radio station on pandora
Send Sarah a video message
Is Eileen online now?
Music events before 8pm this weekend
How many inches of snow is predicted for Thursday?
tell me the ingredients in pumpkin cupcakes
Breaking news in europe right now
Remind me to withdraw the dog sitting fee.
play the song Can't Feel My Face
breaking celebrity news
How warm is it seattle tonight in degrees celcius
I want to listen to pop music
Any parades coming up
What is George's home address?
is Brody Jansen a dad?
How to tell if chicken is done
What reminders do I have this week
Delete the reminder about cat food.
How long have I been timing so far?
mark me as not going to Psychedelics and Social Justice
What does the temperature feel like today?
When did Li graduate from ABC University?
call Athena Sims with WhatsApp
Are there thunder storm warnings for Franklin County
Call my grandchildren back.
Let me know the time on my current timer.
How do you make white sauce for pizza
add my aunt Margene to this call
Remind me to pay estimated taxes by Sept 15th
call Kate Bowman on video on Whatsapp
world news
I want to listen to Jeremih on google play music
Set my daily alarm to 3am.
Return to my previous call with Anthony
Canada's current news
Remind the Street Crew to download the new fliers for this year's summer tour.
Make an alarm for 11:59pm on the 12th of May please
Create repeating alarms for Tuesdays and Wednesdays
can you show channel 9 news live news
What was the last reminder that I posted?
Add an alarm for Sunday 9am
Are any of my friends going to Feast of San Gennaro?
play the song This Is What You Came For
Set my alarm for minute from now
Set a reminder for my wedding party tomorrow at 8 pm.
Begin stopwatch
I need you to set a reminder for 6pm.
I want to listen to frozen songs
put in a reminder to meet my mother on eastern parkway this Thursday.
please remind me to call sprint in the morning around 9
for music please use google play music
Music concerts in Dallas
How warm is it for Palo Alto tomorrow morning in degree fahrenheit
Could you please set my alarm for 4 am for every Saturday?
Make an alarm for every other saturday at 8pm.
who works for aig
let's call Elias Valdez via WhatsApp
update the time for my meeting reminder from 8 to 9 am tomorrow
create an alarm for Monday at 8
read my headlines please
restart timer after 1 hour
How long should I cook this chicken
message a video to Thomas D Small
What did that text from Cam say yesterday?
what temperature do you cook a turkey to
Is there any iron in chocolate
show me reminders i have for work meetings next week
add sheila to the call
Activate my Friday May 5th alarm
do i have any medical appointments reminders
Add 15 seconds to the timer.
I need to be set to unavailable.
what is the weather like on Saturday?
Remind the choir about the practice at 5 PM.
Recent celebrity news
Things to do in Houston on Friday
Please set an alarm
play the song Without Me
create a reminder to change doctors appointment to next month
clear timer history
is salt a neccessary ingredient to make crepe
Set a reminder for a pedicure on Saturday
play George Michael songs
Find music events in Montreal this weekend
What are this morning's headlines?
how much time on alarm
Create an alert for 8am to check work e-mails.
recent world headlines
Text Sia “ hey girl”
how many days this week is rain in the forecast
Will it hail on Tuesday
Instead of reminding me about the new music on Friday, please remind me at at 11:30 PM Thursday
Portland day time events
What year did Sue start at Devry?
Please remove all future reminders about dance classes from the schedule
I want to make a phone call to my grandma joe
What will Mauritius weather forecast be over New Year?
make a phone call to the grandfather of Judah James
What was the biggest news story yesterday?
How much time on my puzzle timer
Set a reminder for 2pm
What is happening on Thursday
any news about kanye west
i have nothing to do, anything cool happening
Can you remind me to turn in my final paper Sunday at 11 pm for my psychology class?
send email to my friends
Can you pause my timer please?
What is the long range forecast for my location?
Do chocolate chip cookies require light brown or dark brown sugar
Ask mom if we are still on for the movies?
Who lives in Hawaii?
Will it be above 11 in degrees Celsius here
Cancel my reminder for work
could you start a video call
I need to call eric
Set up morning alarm 06am tomorrow.
When will rain?
i would like to add a person to this call
how do i make pecan pie
When did Emily begin working for St. Luke's?
what kind of wine is used in chicken marsala
Set my alarm for 55 mins
Start audio call to my co - workers group on Messenger
Change power nap timer to 25 minutes
Prepare a new alarm for tomorrow morning
Play Christian rap
Who is currently attending DSU?
who is this by
what temp to cook meatloaf
call Darryl Nunez
Would I use olive oil or vegetable oil when saut̩ing garlic
How do I keep from overcooking my chicken
does tom still work for the philadelphia eagles
Any live music next Tuesday
Send a message to my college friends asking if they can meet me at the banquet hall on Tuesday
Set alarm for tomorrow afternoon at 3pm
Who is lauren?
Do any of my friends live in Salt Lake?
end the call
how many hours until sunrise
Do any of my senior live in Bandung?
Tell me the weather forecast for Munich, please
Delete all the reminders about the Collective Radio Network Board meetings.
Skip all country songs.
should i have the stove on high heat to cook pork
call Felix my sibling
A new alarm for 3pm needs to be set
Typical weather for Ohio
call Aria Duke instead
I want you to video message C Scott
How much sugar do I need for this sauce
What is in the news headlines today?
call Londyn Steele from my Whatsapp contacts
Can you please set the timer for 45 minutes for the cake to bake?
make phone call
Who is Aliana's mother?
What is the low temp for tonight
Weather, 76120
dial Keith Chung right away
Set alarm for 9 a.m flight
how many cups of water do you put in brownies
what artist is this?
remind me in 15 minutes that sarah is coming at 5
Will it storm tomorrow
Remind me to call Jody about the baby shower on Sunday.
play dance music
Cancel the timer set for noon today.
Which had less calories Pepperoni pizza or Sausage pizza
Is there a state of the union address tonight
I asked if I sent a message to Kira this morning.
Who's going to Katja Petrowskaja: A Family Story Between Memory and Forgetting?
What's on the local news
ring wives's cell
play spotify playlists
play songs by the Killers
Can you read me the details of the story about Jennifer Aniston
Is John available online now?
Can you tell me when my next alarm is?
can you pick up Austin Pate's call
What's the Ocean City forecast for this weekend
Ignore calls from my grandma
Is my brother online now?
Cancel all my reminders for Friday
Hang up on Mom.
Read me the latest headlines about President Trump
What does it feel like outside?
i want to hear rock music
Add 1 more minute to the timer
I'd like to call Jonathan R Miller
What caused the death of a FOX News employee?
Things to do in  Atlanta Georgia this weekend
open Pandora and play Greatest Hits on shuffle
Please call Mum on her mobile
Set up an alarm for today at 7pm
remind me to bake a cake
What ingredients are in taco seasoning
Can I have the headlines please
Add 3 minutes to the time.
find the best burger recipe
What ingredients do I need to make pound cake
Quiet.
Remind me to go to yoga class at 3:00 pm Friday.
who works at Burger King
Can you try to call Nick?
Add 10 seconds to timer
show friends application
Can you delete the reminder that I asked you to set, to clean the attic this weekend?
when is the sun setting tonight
Initate call to Dad
Remind me to wash my hair in 30 minutes.
Add buy Maggie a birthday gift to today's reminder.
can you phone Victor Short on WhatsApp
call Carter 's daughter
Any friends work at Target?
call daddies
call Staci Okeke 's girlfriend
what reminders do I have for next weekend.
Please play I Like It by YNW Melly
Tell me a little more about Miss. LeDoux's background.
Do I have any friends in Boston State University?
how do I make my own crust from scratch
Where the location for my reminder about the business meeting this Tuesday?
Send Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues to Walter
Is somebody online now ?
Remind me to reschedule the ortho appointment
Weather Prediction for 12:00pm, thank you.
was there any news about the concert in portland
i want you to record a video message for Haven since she is not available now
should I wear a raincoat today?
rewind
Set the timer to record my show at 8pm
Do I have Scott's home address?
How long should a pork roast cook
What is the weather forecast for the mid west?
Set a reminder that Donna's audition is next Friday at 3pm
make a whatsapp call to Victoria Curtis
Play me something soft and relaxing
Give me a list of people that are available at the moment
Please give me a worldwide news update?
call spouses
stop calling Ng Baird
set an Egg timer
Any Concerts in Philadelphia next weekend
Send my sister Brenda a message that I'll be at home at 10 pm tonight
give the wife of Brynn Tyler a call
Show me all the reminders for the sales meeting scheduled for next Wednesday
Show me the earliest family meeting reunion reminder.
How to prevent cheesecake cracks
Things to do in Santa Barbara this weekend
Please have alarms ready for 9pm and 10am
I want daily alarms at noon and 6pm
Fast forward to the end
place myself as being unavailable
delete current timer
Please set up a reminder for us to video chat with Aunt Barb tonight
call Ayden Padilla on video in Whatsapp
Please tell me who is working at Red Robin
set reminder for Mike's dental appointment this Tuesday
message Mike, Stevie and Jim something that says happy new years
Cancel any reminders I have before 9:00 AM on Sunday.
Remind me to drop off the paper work on Wednesday at 4pm.
Should I wear sandals or sneakers today?
what the latest news on female trafficking in india
How do I poach salmon
How old is Jahmir?
Open most recent article form Vice
Did Jack get sentenced today?
Which one of my friends went to UEL?
Timer restart in five minutes.
How is the weather looking in New Zealand?
add 5 minutes to run timer
what's the weather like in miami today
call Caroline's sister
set schedule to available
please send the message to my family
Please remove this week reminders regarding chores.
what is the follow up story about the child in the daycare bus
Start a new timer for 20 minutes.
when did steve start working at the school
Set a daily 6am alarm.
What is happening  day after tomorrow
please forward this track
have alarms go off tomorrow morning
Set up an alarm for 8 and 9am
Make this voice call a video call
set alarm for 9 tomorrow morning
Will it be raining today?
Get Alyssa on the phone
please stop call with cousin
return to current timer
Tell me which of my friends that is online now
what's up in LA today
make an alarm for 07h20
what are the headlines for Europe
Create a reminder to pick up the babies
Put current playlist on shuffle.
I need to switch back to that call
The last video message I made needs to be sent to Joe.
Update all my study alarms to 5pm
Play the new album by Russ.
What's the temperature in Miami, Florida?
Who is making the headlines
recipes with beans
How humid is it right now?
Please let Mary enter into this call
tell me news about oregon
Please call Rebecca, Rene, Heather, and Alison
Change alarm to 7pm
Repeat my alarm every Saturday at 2pm for the next 2 weeks
Add 2 more minutes to this timer
hang up line
Do I have any friends that graduated from UW in 2010
play me the news headlines please
Add Mom to call
Read me the headlines for Chicago
I need alarms for 7am and 7:30am
what did president Trump do today
weather in Rochester
Remind me that I have a conference call tomorrow at 10 am
What is the temperature in Yucaipa today?
Help me to remember to water the garden on Fridays at 7pm
Have gas prices risen in the last week
add time to my Stop brewing timer
Read details about the murder in Charlotte
Ask Jess if she can send me the gif of the shimmying cat again, Mason wants to see it
call Melanie one
call Lincoln on Whatsapp video chat
I'd like to know what it's like out
whats the calorie count for a marsala sauce?
Please can you make an alarm for tomorrow morning
Tell me the location of Free Intro to Reiki
Hold calls for an hour
delete reminder to email soccer team about game
Remind me of how much time is left after 10 minutes
what's up in the news today?
Has Bill Clinton been in the news lately
number of calories in a piece of cake
reminder Ballet at 3:30 on Friday
Show me all of my reminders related to eating out for next week.
Music Events in Tacoma for this Thursday
how do you cook pork ribs
call Cathern Solorio 's boyfriend
Set the timer to snooze
What ingredients do I need for blueberry applesauce?
Is Bob online?
How much vegetable oil is needed
give me news on donald trump
Did Michigan pass the new marijuana law introduced today
whats the latest news in politics in sacramento
Should I boil the water before adding the pasta
Is there a chance of snow on Saturday?
The message for my family is my graduation starts at 3PM but get there  half hour early. Thank you.
Give me the news from Fox News
set my timer for 46 minutes
Can you replay the last song?
Remind me to visit doctor on September 8th at 9am
call Briella 's auntie
New alarm for film contest tomorrow at 8
Remind me to pick up Ice cream
Display reminders for student loans payments including the dates and repayment links
When did Sam stop working at Facebook?
Where does Rhonda work
does Jill live in Fort Lauderdale
Turn the music off
What are the calories in a slice of pie
please make a timer for 10:30.
how long should i cook pork chops
show my reminders for this week
I need you to find Wesley Valdez for me
Play rock hits
what are some italian spices
Start a timer.
start a timer named section 1 of exam
Find me a fun cookie recipe that's easy to make
create alarms for sundays at 6:am and 9:00pm
delete the reminder about rubens party on saturday as its been cancelled
Remind me to get milk and eggs tomorrow.
what is the weather outside
Dismiss my next alarm.
please play beyonce's lemonade
What kind of weather should I expect for next week?
Do any of my friends work on Wall St?
Did any of my friends graduate from OU?
remind me to get whipped cream on the way home
Is it cold in croatia right now?
start calling grandpa
What to do in Honolulu Friday night
not going to Feast of San Gennaro
What's the high next week?
What is the minimum cooked temperature for beef
Does Jack live in Ithaca?
Share the sports event with Francisco
mute the station please
Remind me to call Tee Away to set up tee time for Saturday morning.
make a move chicken to fridge timer
Reminder for picking up a prescription when its ready for a pick up on that day
what time are my alarms?
Any news from the White House today?
play country station on pandora
Play me some pop music
Should I take gloves?
Can Donald Trump be impeached?
Play Disney music
Remind me at 3 pm to email Tom about the details of the meeting next Tuesday.
Remove this week's reminder to take out the recycling.
Last week's local news
I need a new alarm for 7 AM
what are the recent news headlines
remind me to adjust temperate in 15 minutes
not going to An Evening with Debra Messing
i would like to message Rebecca via WhatsApp a message saying are you free
ask casey how many performers are going to be at the show tonight
Who is phil?
Second alarm 20 minutes later
Get me the latest news on the stock market
mark me as going to Sea-Meow Convention
Tell me Linn homies birthdays
Let me know what the weather is like.
Make an alarm for Friday 7am for 2 weeks
how hot does the oil need to be to make crispy onion rings
Pull up reminders for when Jade takes her pills.
can you phone call 555-3726  from cell phone
Tell me what the weather forecast is on Monday
give me latest news on phillies
Any last minute news
What is the high temp for Monday
pause my productivity timer
How bad the weather is?
call Donovan W
Hang up on the current caller, I don't want to answer
What is the connection to Henry
Whats the weather like  outside?
Set reminder for term paper due date
Delete 5 minutes from timer
Remove the alert about the delivery appointment for Friday morning.
Change my reminder alarm.
put country music on spotify please
events for Philadelphia
we are going to call Gloria Burgess
Create an alarm for 4th May, 5pm
How hot it is Celsius?
Put a reminder to submit my hours
I must meet Joyce this afternoon; can you remind me at 2:30?
Remind me to get an oil change at 4 pm today.
Call Apostle Buameh
Remind me to pick up the jewelry from Teresa
Set a reminder for next Saturday instead for Friday to register for the 5k.
what is the top headlines from the New York Times
Whats going on in little chute
set a reminder to deliver Maes Tupperware at 3pm on the 9th.
Any important world news?
Create alarm for Saturday evening 8:30
start a call with Hayden Greene, Danielle Kelly, Mary Brewer and Pamela Contreras on Hangouts
How many cups of sugar do I need for the cake
respond interested to Open Stage NYC
is there any news news about president trump?
Who rang me at midday?
Create a wake up alarm for 3am.
Will i need to bring a jacket?
What's the latest on the hurricane in the gulf
End Current call and switch calls
how many calories are in peas
Things to do in Maui
What to do tonight in San Francisco
Is it going to snow Wednesday night?
call Gentry and Moreno
Anything interesting in the entertainment news section?
Events happening in my area
Cancel the last alarm I set
List my alarms today
Repeat last track six times
can you send Sigourney on Facebook a message saying talk to you later
Show me the news from Newsy
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Insurgent Empire Book Launch?
i would like to message Filby and Jake
Don't remind me anymore about picking up flowers for Grandma.
What's going on this week
Where is it that Dave works?
What is a flounder cooked in
play starred list
turn on all alarms
Should I use oil or butter for brownies
How windy is it going to be around Fort Mason
How is the weather looking for next Bank Holiday Monday?
what were the headlines on pix news last night
I want to know my list of calls for today?
can you call Jackson Bridges on WhatsApp
call Ella and Juliana
Create a new alarm for 2pm on Wednesday.
When will the rain stop?
can you send it to Sarah on WhatsApp
how many calories are in 2 scrambled eggs
how do you pan sear a chicken breast
Alarm set 5 am
I want a recipe for a chicken, pan pizza
play 1Train on iHeartRadio
find me all reminders with insurance agency
What will it be like in Yorkshire on Tuesday night?
video call the family group
How long was Jeff employed by Amazon?
how does it feel like today
Remind Dad to pick up 6 lobsters for the clambake.
How many people were injured in Oklahoma storms today
Can you play me NF's first album?
how to make spaghetti sauce
Send that games event to Kylee
Ask Chuck on how to fix a tire while stuck in a snowbank in the middle of nowhere
What is the recipe of a chocolate milkshake
Who are the friends that went to Harvard?
turn off the music
call Lola Fry on Messenger
Is there a tornado nearby
What is the house number that Leah lives in
call Whatsapp Ruby
What soccer games are going on Friday
Did I have any reminders today?
set my status as going to that event
Cancel all of my reminders for next Friday after 2:00 pm.
News update on Beyonce
Remind me to check-in with Susan Friday.
Set myself as active
When did Kyle get hired?
please inform anyone who is online
what's in the news
Please delete all of my reminders for Monday
How many calories is in chocolate ganache?
Who of my friends live in Giza?
Show me friends on right now
Remove my mom and my sister from this call.
Start my gym timer.
call Madilyn using Whatsapp video chat
Is Nick Foles married?
update timer
Yeah, send this video to Jimbob
What is next week's forecast
call Reagan Webster whatsapp video
Is John set as available to phone?
Set the alarm for baking the turkey for 4 hours.
do you know any of my friends from Medan ?
Give me a news update on Game of Thrones.
Remind me to look up hotels for vacationing in Tucson, Arizona in November.
Start a reminder
Can you play Happy by  Pharrell Williams
Did Trump fire the FBI Director?
i'd like to touch base with Arthur
mark me as not going to Brickpalooza
Invite dad to my call
does van greenwood still work at qsbc
how many apples do i need for a pie
anything happen today in the news
Headline news today
Which of my friends lives in beaufort
Play my top 20 most played songs on this device
What about the weather in London?
Can't do it, wake me up in an hour.
what is the temperature going to be overnight
link call with uncles
read the recent news headlines
Should I bring an umbrella today?
ask cassidy is she needs directions to the party this weekend
start 5:30pm alarm
switch my status from available to not currently available
Give me any news on the Daniel Clay case.
how much fat is in Olive Oil
remind me to send franks contact information to Joan on monday at 8am pst
What;s thew weather like in Latvia
Please set alarm for 12th of june
call Cunningham and Huber
Has George Lakoff sent me any messages?
increment timer by 10 minutes
Is there anything going on in Houston this week
music events this week
Do I have any reminders for this morning?
Hang up this conversation
What is a good recipe for fish and chips
Reset the timer when I am done
How many of my friends went to U of I?
tell me when sunrise is
set the timer at 25 minutes for the cake
how many teaspoons of cinnamon are needed
What city does Lance work in?
cancel appointment reminder for Wednesday
repeat morning alarm daily
Set timer for 10 minutes and delete
Play Say You Won't Let Go.
Who will run against Trump in 2020
Add a new reminder to pick up the dog from the groomer
Will there be a sunrise the day after tomorrow at 16th Street Mall
set default calling as Messenger
how cold is it in iceland
Message Lynne and ask her when the Chili Cook off is this year
How much salt goes in brownies
When is Don Lomon's show on CNN
I need to mail my Christmas gift to Doris early, can you remind me in October?
Set an alarm for every 7 minutes.
Start group call
Hang up my call
Drop Samuel from this call
This weeks weather for Waikiki, Hawaii?
Do I need tomatoes for tacos
How do you cook artichokes
How old is Melinda?
Are there any music events in Akron tonight
Call stepmothers Sally
alter timer
What can I do next week
what's the best way to cook a rare steak
What is the hurricane damage report
Add stepdaughters to current call
What are some events in Chicago
Tell me who is working at Burger King
call Jamie 's grandson
read me the latest headline on the Russian investigation
How hot will it be at noon today?
wake me up at 7am daily
Wake me up at 7am on the 2nd
Can you call Stephanie R Krueger
remind me to make vet appointment this week
remind me to join the status call at 9:00 am today
add song to repeat
Can you show me some more events similar to this one please?
At what time did I miss a call today?
Does vilda already finished her college study?
Friends of Kellon.
how many calories are in mangos
Remind me to call my Dad at 8 pm.
Is Aaron a friend of Lili?
does anyone i know live in texas
want to hear Beyonce
call florist
tell linda that the show starts at 6pm on monday
What year did Theresa graduate high school?
Snooze this alarm for another hour.
Record a video message for Ellie
Read me headlines about the stock market
How much time is left on the timer
create a four hour timer and nine minute timer and four hour and forty five minute timer
Mutual friends of Michelles
change reminder to be at 3 instead of 5
get me video messages from my grandma
What are the reminders I have left for the rest of the day?
modify the reminder for groceries and add milk and eggs
Does Kim live in Lakeland
set up a call with Madison
mark me as available
tell ruben that i am on my way
answer calls on Skype by default
please start a timer for 20 minutes, beep at 10 minutes
did any of my friends graduate from SCU?
answer any calls from my girlfriend
tell me about Michael
Easy to make chicken recipes
put Satapana on this call too
Has Nevada Ownbey video messaged me?
Is there a luncheon reminder on the calendar this Wednesday?
Is it snowing in Chicago?
Set up an alarm for me
Is Jack still in Livermore?
does Jackson Reed have a son?
Remind me to get waters for the kids at 3pm
Where was Melania Trump born?
remove all my reminders about work at my old job
any news about Taylor Swift
Do I know anyone online at the moment?
What is happening in Las Vegas tonight
Play the number one song today
Can you get some more events like this please?
Message Anika asking her what time she will be home today.
Play the IDFC station on Pandora
Will the temperature hit the triple digits this week
Create a playlist with my rock songs
Remind me to sweep the steps for this weekend.
Tell me the weather conditions in Edmonton tomorrow.
Set alert for weekdays at 6am
Remind me of my chiropractic appointment on Monday at 10am.
Whats the high for the next 3 days?
what temperature do I cook pork chops at
best dinner recipes of all time
what ingredients are needed for meatloaf
Please set an alarm for every twenty minutes for the next 3 hours
What music shows are happening in Maui
How many calories are in 5 hotdogs
Can you play How Great Thou Art track by Elvis on Spotify
Play soft jazz.
Can you set a reminder to have me call Jonathan on September 23rd?
Give me the details of all the reminders for Saturday night
Mexico's recent news
create Face mask timer
Any storms today
What year did this current track come out?
What is the serving size of pepperoni pizza recipe
Set a reminder to pack for our beach trip on Friday
Temperature tomorrow morning Fahrenheit
On the 15th set an alarm for midday
remind me to buy Jana a present
i don't want to forget to eat my lunch
Pick up the call from my brother.
Is tomorrow going to be a weather related migraine day
set a reminder to go through my email and find any that have to do with relay for life
play the last michael jackson son
message the babysitter and let her know we are running 15 minutes late
i want to leave Alexander a video recording
What reminders do i have for Tuesday night?
please reject this call
show available
who is free
Is there snow in tomorrow's forecast
status of hurricane Lana
please play my favorite song
Tell me the location of the first event
How long do I roast brussel sprouts for
Change my departure alarm to 2pm
what's in flan
Is Carol employed currently at Sears?
When are we supposed to get our first snow
Do I have any friends at UB?
recommend dog-friendly events
how many more weeks until my dads birthday reminder
remind me of my Dr appointment on Monday at 8:30 am
any recent news about hilary clinton
Remind me to call Grandma at 7 pm.
Please play some punk music
Do I know anyone going to Tiny Living Festival?
find a recipe for snickerdoodles
Remind me to sign permission slip
Remind me to research the Broadway ticket show prices for Cats later on today.
Set a timer for 25 minutes for the brownies.
Who can hang out right now?
What temperature is chicken baked at
Set repetitive alarm for 12pm Saturdays
cancel my dinner reminder for friday at 5 pm
give me a weather forecast for next week
How long before the alarm goes off?
Remind me to update contact information for school
new reminder : call the doctor today at noon.
What do I have going on tomorrow
play Spanish Guitar channel on Pandora
Recent pop news
Weather in Dunedin?
Set a go to gym alarm
What is the weather like in Alabama?
Who works for international paper
Do I have any video call tonight with Donny?
Read me my news
remind me to call my wife when I leave work
Remind me to Buy John a card today at 4pm.
What time is my next alarm set for
Please register an alarm to activate tomorrow morning
remind me to pick up face wash
WhatsApp call Michelle
Delete the reminder for Otis to walk the dog tomorrow at 8 PM.
Is anyone on hand
play midnight by Lorde
How will the weather be on December 31st?
Remind me to take a shower today
Delete my lunch reminders.
START THE TIMER
on whatsapp call Stephanie Cruz
please play some blues
could I video message Addilyn
Alarm for 9 am, every day this week
Remind me to update my resume Tuesday morning.
Put in Glenda to this call
is Bill still employed at citizen's bank
where is Ines' work place?
Tell me what the weather will be this evening.
open iheartradio and play AMP Radio.
Remind me to pick up Abbie Friday at 10 AM
Who does john work for
Repeat alarm every Monday
pause the timer called mutton
Connect the call with my supervisor
Who works at Nike?
is there a timer for dinner
Set alarm for 8am
let me see my friends who have birthdays tomorrow
Please remind me at 8 pm that I need to get out my briefcase for tomorrow
change a reminder time/date that has already been recorded
What are the headlines on CNN?
don't answer this call
Listen to Luke Bryan
did congress pass Obamacare repeal
What is the latest Trump news
what time is the tornado warning
can you please send message to Jeanne and Leo
remind me to book tickets for the movie tomorrow at 2pm
i want to leave Patty a video recording
I need to set up a new payment schedule for the utilities, remind me to do that tomorrow
set a reminder for 8 pm
Set two alarms for tomorrow.
i want you to record a video message for amy since she is not available now
Message Mary and ask if she is going to Linda's baby shower
Can you tell me the headlines?
Can you remove the last reminder I created about my coffee date?
whats going on in the news today
Are there any reminders for tomorrow?
Cancel reminder to change the oil.
please turn the noise off
music events in Boston on Saturday
bread recipe
are there any birthday's this wednesday
anything I would like happening in ann arbor this month
Is it snowing in Topeka right now?
Invite Aaron to call
Start playing my google play music Salt n Pepa station
Set a reminder for the current Agile sprint to be completed by Thursday at 5 PM
Where does Robert born?
show me the reminder of the location and date for the concert
Remind me to sign up for jazz classes.
set the timer for one hour
How much sugar is in a glass of milk
who is mary's cousin?
please turn on clock for 6:00am
set alarm for saturday at 8 am
Show me cheapest ramen
is rain forecasted for tomorrow in Greensboro
how to cook easy food
When did Alexis graduate from UNM?
Looking for friends who attended KU.
call James via WeChat
play bruno mars test album
turn on the alarm
anything fun happening tomorrow please
Repeat my timer
I need you to tell me where this event is at?
What's a basic recipe for chicken Marsala
Today's headlines in Sarasota
rewind this song
Please find me vegan recipes
for music use google play
Tell me the weather for Tuesday to Thursday
Shuffle songs in this album
How do you know when pasta in cooked
Delete it.
How hot is it going to be this weekend
Are there any esports events this month in Los Angeles
record video message for Bree Iseley
What is the weather like for next week?
Turn on alarm for tomorrow morning
anyone of my friends living in Seattle
set for alarm for sunday morning at 9am
Create an alarm to get me up at 7am
call Jerome James
Invite mom to add to call
Play Black Keys radio
Remind me to get school lunches packed before 5PM sunday.
Snooze my next alarm
when does the sun rise
How many calories are in a serving of real butter
when did Mark start working at Home Depot?
How many calories are in an apple?
What is the current news in Japan?
Who works at Twitch?
set up an reminder to email Clea
pause the cooking timer please
call up Kaitlyn Duke's sister
recipes for dinner
speak to Janet with WhatsApp
display my texts from my father Lyla
What years did Ralph attend Penn State?
Who works at Wells Fargo?
what is the forecast for monday
could you find Carolyn Clark Bolton
Is there anyone I know in Miami?
I wanna know the news
I need to know Antony's friends
Change my online visibility to unavailable
what are the world news headlines
Please tell me where Jerry works
temperature to make homemade bread rise
modify timer
How many people in my friends list went to Brown U ?
Let's send my husband a video message response
Stop conversation
don't play this artist again
Set alarm every minute for 2 hours
Anything fun happening tomorrow
what are the spices in peach cobbler
Forecast please for next weekend?
Will you send a message to Sean and ask him where the party is at tomorrow night?
News about the President from this morning.
Can you please cancel the reminder for this Sunday for lunch, as my friend has to go outstation urgently?
How much snow are we supposed to get in Parker tonight?
how many calories are in tomato sauce
What time is sunset tomorrow?
Remind me of my starting time.
Will there be enough snow to go sledding tomorrow
What will the temperature be on Thursday at 4 pm?
not now!
start stopwatch timer
What's new in the national news?
How do I make pizza
set the timer for 15 minutes
Delete all reminders and alerts about Patrick.
Time 1 hour
play me some christmas music
Get me my reminders for Nick
Play previous song
I need to wake up at 6am
Hey add Steve Johnson to this video call
Let me know the time at 8am everyday.
musical events today
Family members that went to Texas State
change my status to interested for the second event
set a new timer for Reese
list my reminders for next sunday
Please record this video message for Levi
set alarm for 6 a.m.
play the album ÷ (Deluxe) on iheartradio
Play Stevie Wonder old hits please
create reminder to pay credit cards next week
Give me the age of my cousins Frank wife
Make the alarm ring every Tuesday at 2
play the album I AM...SASHA FIERCE - Platinum Edition on iheartradio
Set me an alarm.
What is the chance of rain for today?
I need a reminder for Monday at 6pm to pick up dry cleaning.
what is the latest news update in denton
Call John
do I fry the chicken first or put it in the oven
weather in philadelphia on friday
Will there be good weather this weekend?
When is my reminder for my next medication dose?
Tell me Leslie's friends
how much time do i need to cook a roast beef
Answer this call from my mothers in law.
can you get rid of all the reminders relating to tonights pot luck supper event
Set timer for every 30 minutes
Tell me my alarms for today
Tell my brother-in-law a happy birthday for me please.
would you video message Raymond Pitt and Steve
How many minutes do I have left on my timer?
Delete my alarm for Mr. Black's office meeting.
Alarm for June 3rd at 8pm
set a timer for baking a cake
What is the average first day of snowfall in Oxford, MIchigan
Make an alarm Tuesdays at 8AM
whatsapp call niece's cell
recent movie news
Add David to phone call.
Play music on Pandora.
Delete my reminder about calling Grandma tonight.
give me latest headlines from MSNBC
Set alarm to sunrise tomorrow
News on trump.
The temperature in Celsius outside right now.
set alarm for 4am tomorrow
Do I have any remainders for Wednesday next week?
Get my messages from the running class chat
PLEASE SET A TIMER FOR 3 HOURS
put up one timer for 17 minutes and another for four minutes and a another for 24 minutes
What is the latest news in Chicago?
start playing Soul Manifesto: 1964-1970
I have a meeting tonight at 5 pm; please remind me 15 minutes before.
What friends of mine are online?
How many eggs does chocolate cake call for
what is the cooking temp for pork
get events that Dominick has RSVPd no to
Alarm called 'Gym alarm' for tomorrow at 4pm
How long to bake brownies in the oven
How long does the times have left?
Can you stop the track now as I have to go out
set an alarm for 3 pm today
Show friends of my sister
What is in a tamale
how long to fry a chicken breast
how to make Ethiopian food
how many eggs are needed to make sugar cookies
Who is Sally's teacher?
Is Levi online?
call Jennie Monti 's granddaughter
turn on the clock for 8:45 PM
Friends of Jolene?
have the fires been put out yet
Message Andrea and tell her to send me her location so I can pick her up.
What is the latest in sports news?
Delete all reminders for prescription pick ups.
Latest news on Putin please
Show me all active reminders
Ring sister Jill
Operas in Fort Worth Saturday
Set me as available right now please
What are the top news stories in Science
Message my brother and tell him I'm going to the basketball game today
Can you read me the next 5 gym reminders that are set for 5 p.m. or later?
do I have a reminder set for 6pm?
should I wear a cardigan today
Can you tell me if there is severe weather in the area
update the time for the baby shower reminder on Saturday to 12 pm
Remind me that I have a physical on Monday at 7 AM.
Video call my mom
how strong were the hurricane winds
make Move chicken to fridge timer
any snow in gympie
Pause this track now
change alarm to 10 am
set an alarm for 7:00 am tomorrow
is oil or margarine healthier
set to user unavailable
Next week's forecast
can you tell me all the reminders for work meetings this week
I do not need to be reminded that I have to get fruitTonight at work
fast forward
give me news from WCCO Channel 4
call John Mcguire whatsapp video
Start timer over.
does Homero work at a College?
Remind me to take my pills at 9pm
can you send Adnan via Facebook a message saying talk to you later
Football news
In the morning, remind me I have to face to face chat with my granddaughter.
call Brant Shopp facetime
Set an alarm for 7:30 p.m
who is active or online in chat room?
Set an alarm for 8am for every Monday for 4 weeks
who graduated from southern
Could you please repeat the song twice
Set new alarm for 7am on Tuesday morning
Set my timer for 45 seconds.
Is is going to snow tomorrow?
message james and tell him we will be happy to get together the next time we visit san jose
what will the weather be like today?
set reminder to call dad tonight at 5
I want to grill my steak to medium rare, what temperature does it need to be at
Weather.
who texted me?
How much time left do I have on my stretching timer?
Set my availability to open
When are we expecting rain
Remind me to find Danielle's permission slip for her speech evaluation.
Message Robbie that's good.
Is snow predicted overnight?
snooze my alarm for 10 minutes
Message Amy and ask her for the address to the closest burger place to her.
Make 'get me up' alarm for 7 AM
Play some alternative music
kill the loop
deactivate the call
I want a reminder to mail out those birthday cards next week.
call Dorathy Jon Postemski 's uncle
who works at Farmer's Insurance
Message mom saying that remember to brink sun screen
Who graduated from harvard
guacamole recipe
Play the Moana soundtrack
What just happened in the news
Add Roxy and Sarah to this call
Is there a heat advisory in effect for today?
Do I know anyone living in New York City?
how long does it take to hard boil an egg
Let's have an alarm every Saturday at 11am
tell me about the news on war on terrorism
Fast forward this song.
Show me all missed calls please
Subtract ten minutes from the current timer.
Find me the recipe for Napoleon Cake
not going to Bark in the Park
Send a message to Helena to remind her that the Beach Concert Series are on Wednesdays at the Beach Park
Find me a recipe for sugar cookies
Delete reminder about Jay's dinner
Does Lili live in egypt?
Turn off my last alarm
Who works in Disney World?
who's online right now?
set reminder to pick up milk tomorrow night
Set alarm for 7am every other day starting today
play some fun children's music today for the kid's party
Are there any updates on the situation with North Korea
Set up a video call to Mark
Is Tom's home address in Largo?
Don't remind me to check mail at 8 am tomorrow
gluten free recipes on a budget
add Jason to the call too
Things to do in Brunswick next weekend
Tell me all recent news headlines
read health headlines for washington post
set an alarm for 10 am sunday morning
Can you place a call to Dad
find an authentic recipe for chicken enchiladas
i want the lyrics for the song playing
ask jessica if she will be late
what's going on in Russia News today
How hot is it on Monday?
who graduated from uconn
out of reach
things to do in hattiesburg this weekend
can you play the previous track
please tell me the world headlines
Play Taylor Swift's new single.
Remind the band about rehearsal at 6pm monday.
Has Levi messaged me today?
christines home address please
make alarms to go off every thursday at 11am
Message Debra and let her know we will not be able to attend her hairstyle debut for her cosmetology school next Thursday.
anybody on my friend list on line
Delete all reminder alerts for the next 4 hours.
can you suspend the timer
any tesla news today
On Saturdays and Sundays, remind me of how thankful I am for everything I have!!
Find a good recipe for crispy garlic chicken
find I Like It by Josh Gudwin
set an alarm for 0455
What are some facts about Josh
add 28 minutes to the stop showering timer
Turn up radio
Is the timer almost done?
Set an alarm for bedtime for 10pm tonight.
please play the last song again
let's end this call
I need you to text Celeste
How many seconds are left on the timer
What can I do on Friday night
italian recipes
Message my spouse to meet me at the church
Be quiet alarm
let me know anyone on facebook now
Please set an alarm Thursday
whats new in santa clarita
Change all alarms to only go off Mon-Fri
Remind me to send my cousins order in the mail today before 5 pm.
what is local news
read my Messenger messages
What is the weather in Dubai?
Does Gloria Garcia have any friends by the name Emmanuel on her Facebook page?
Set a reminder alarm for tomorrow noon.
Can you delete the reminder for Tuesday's dance class?
DM my husband that I'm on my way.
set reminder alarm.
remind me to call the doctors office when they open after lunch at 1pm
video message Leilani
hang the video call
I want to be inactive now please
set alarm for every half hour
Tell me the forecast for Rome in Italy
What is the ingredient list for Parmesan chicken
Is anyone I know going to NW Indigenous Peoples: Sharing Powwow Ways?
Who do I know in Alaska?
Message Jerry if he's going to the concert on July 4th.
find Julius Reed
call Yvette
dial Pierce right away
US News updates
please start a 12 minute timer
What is the temperature in Iceland right now?
Delete my reminder to get my car inspected in August.
Add in Joaquin Kukauskas please
please answer On Marina
Can you add my brother to this call?
Will it rain tomorrow in Austin?
What is the address to Scotty's school?
how many calories in one cup of rice
Will it snow in my area this year?
Get my text messages from Sigourney, Dianne and Lindsie
Please read me the latest news about last nights protest?
make a playlist called: Walk Like A Badass
are there any recent news headlines about north korea
ignore jane
i need a recipe for teryaki chicken
display messages from kid Zoey
How windy is it on the beach?
Create a video call with Trinity, Mya, Kendall, and Uriel
Show reminders with John today at 5
Remind me to pick up pizza and coke for dinner.
top news stories
How do you cook spaghetti
make a call to grandma
Message Pandora to say I am going to be late
what are my video messages from kid Grayson
List today's events
Turn the song on again
remind me to buy milk on saturday
what are the details about OJ sentence
What company does Jessica work for?
i'd like to call 555-5419  using my cell
shorten my timer by 5 mins
tell me my carpool reminders this week
set an alarm in twenty minutes from now and one hour from now
Who is free to talk
set a repeating alarm for 7 am
what's the best phone number for reaching Percival?
Remind everyone in the group about the inter-corporate video chat that will be scheduled Thursday morning at 8 AM Pacific time
Activate 'bed' alarm for 10pm
Who is James
call Ryann Small and Callie Mclean
Schedule an alarm every Thursday this month
Make a call to Cindie.
Remind to do an oil change this Sunday.
Listen to Itty Bitty by Alan Jackson
Play R & B songs
Remind me to get a new leash for my dog.
remind me the appoinment with the bank
What will the weather be like tonight?
call Alexis my wife
Remind me to set alarm tomorrow.
Message Carlos that the high wind on the bridge to Jersey is dangerous. Stay on the lower level.
How long do I  fry egg rolls for
WHO WAS THE ORIGINAL ARTIST FOR THIS SONG?
start playing jazz
Set a new alarm for 1st June at 9:45am please
Remind me to sign the birthday card for jillian
find people who are employed at Pfizer.
send Ben on Messenger that sounds good
Do any of my friends live on Miami?
Postpone today's 15 minutes study timer
I want to listen to all of Christina Perri's album.
turn off my google music
Message Ashley to let her know I wear a size 8 for the dress.
What time is left on the current timer
Play cardio playlist
How do you make noodles from a zucchini
Snooze 5 minutes
How can I make my own cheese
What are the top news events going on in the US
Call Kendall Paislee Jimenez for me
Set alarm for 5:00 am
what's up in downtown Kissimmee
Give me CNN headlines
Find me a recipe for a 200 calorie dessert
Hold on the video call
end timers
Initiate video chat Tom and his mother Lisa
what is fun to do this weekend
turn shuffle off
I want to hear some Jay-z
Where does Sam live
how old is dad
what is fun to do friday night
ceramics workshop in Albuquerque
Show me the news for today?
Delete the reminders for the vacation shopping lists.
Are there any reminders for tomorrow
Weather for Argentina, thanks
Switch to the incoming call after discontinuing the current call
fix weekly alarm for Wednesday at 5am
cancel of my reminders for tomorrow
call the sister of Graham
Find CNN article on voting restrictions
Timer almost over
Show busy status
What softball matches are coming up Thursday
ask Lynn if she can look into getting tickets for the Burgerbash event at the Golden Nugget next month
is raining right now
Can you skip this song?
Where does James work
Send the Facebook message
Send an e-mail to the farmer's market organizers suggesting they let Terry set up a stand.
remind me to return the library books
Set up 'medicine' alarm for 4 pm
What college does Sarah studied
New call, dial Kyle
call Troy call Evan using Whatsapp
I need to hear lullabies
Has Tom sent me anything via WhatsApp
Remind me to call Mary tomorrow at 3PM.
lunch break is 15 minutes, set timer
Find friends of Chris
Tell me where the last event is at
Where did the earthquake take place
how old is Kayla
did  anyone I know get educated in another country
I'd like to call Andrew Rowland Spencer
Go ahead and set am alarm for 5 am
What can I do in Antioch tonight
set alarm for 12:20pm
what is the recipe for lemon bread
Stop this song
remind Mat to bring my fins to Bolinas for Sunday morning.
Please cancel all of my reminders for the month of August.
Can you remind me to dial in half an hour before today's conference call?
Is there any sports match in November
Message everyone that the Halloween party has been cancelled this year.
Is it going to freeze any night this week?
Set me an alarm for Wednesdays at 5pm called 'squash'
Set new timer for 30 minutes
what is the temperature in Newcastle?
When did Alicia leave her last job?
whatsapp call Destiny Mcconnell's cell
Would you add in Mazie Echter?
Message Marisol saying my aunt April will join us for dinner at Denny's.
events in Vegas this weekend
Please give me a weather update for 3pm
Show first cousins birthdays
video call Madison Nancy
Dial Mom
Help me find some dessert recipes
Create reminder to file my taxes before 3pm.
Have Kelly taken off the group call
Give me a world news update
Show me the reminder for the house tour.
Find a recipe for toll house cookies with pecans
Show Clara Ross Usina fathers in law birthdays to me
I need to know how cold is it outside
cancel all my reminders
Who works in Venice
Anything to do this evening
What's the weather forecast for Glasgow next weekend?
are protests still happening in charlottesville
remind me to pick up john
Send that Facebook message
Who went to Chicago Tech?
Set up reminders for all my private students to arrive 15 minutes early.
How much flour is needed
Can you please list Tara's postal address at work?
concerts in San Jose
Sleep for 5 minutes
can you please set timer for 15 minutes
When will the timer be done?
Read the funniest news title from today
Show me headlines from MSNBC
Play The Acacia Strain.
I need to see my alarms.
give me the news update for around the world.
Delete the reminder for girls night tomorrow at 5 pm.
How old will Kate be on her birthday?
show all the reminders with my sister for the month of december
How cold is it this weekend around Paris in degree Fahrenheit
I want some new age music
can you please send message to the my neighbors thread
Concerts in Burbank this weekend
Are there any pet reminders I have set?
where is my next reminder going to happen
give me a news update on Atlanta Falcons
Anything happening in the stockyards tonight
Share that art event with Jocelyn
What events are going on in Troutdale tonight
I need you turn off the alarm
How do you peel a carrot
could you show me some other events
how to make homemade brownies
Pause song
please send Audrey and Vlad message
Top things to do in Orlando in the next week
delete my earliest reminder
Change my reminder to 3 pm instead.
Play more of my classics playlist.
call Lillian Christian from my Whatsapp contacts
Remind me to call grandma on Friday
When is Donald Trump's next press conference
what news is happening in florida?
Where are the best events for live music this weekend
New alarm for tomorrow at 10:30 am please
what is the ingredients are in quesadillas
Give me the latest global news.
try calling Brandon Holland
How much time is left on my afternoon alarm
give me us news
call the father of Peyton Jensen
remove my brother from this call
what's the maximum temperature tomorrow?
Update my wakeup alarm to 5am
Set my timer again
any new animal news stories
does Julia Carvey have a stepbrother?
Video chat my husband.
Things to do in Rochester this week
unlike this track right now
Set a reminder to send a gift from Edible Arrangements for Sammie and Wiff on August 4th at 8am.
Can you set a reminder for an hour before my test this Tuesday?
Top three local headlines please
is pete wentz bipolar
Car shows happening soon
phone a sisters
Are there any fun things to do this week
anything cool happening in my area today
hang it up
Extend alarm by 20 minutes
Please read local headlines.
What's the best macaroni for mac-and-cheese
make a playlist called Trap Land
Send a message to my Aunt and ask if she has seen Grandpa lately.
Send a message to Bob and find out if he's coming tomorrow and what time
make my You aren't done running till this goes off timer 11 minutes shorter
remove 1 hour from my timer
What is the best way to make scrambled eggs
add Janice to call
Last minute world news
Add David to the phone call with Toni
What did I miss yesterday
Any severe weather in the forecast?
DO not answer calls from Shirley
What's happening the last weekend of December in Detroit
I don't need the reminders to pay the cable bill anymore.
what is currently trending in news
Timer Time
set me an alarm called 'get up for work' at 7am tomorrow morning
Play me some Childish Gambino
Please set an alarm for 4pm.
Is it hot in cancun
What can I do in New York this weekend
Set a timer for 2 and a half hours from now
Things going on in Ft Worth this weekend
temperature tomorrow in Dallas
Play some country music please.
How many calories in chicken thigh
WhatsApp call Debra
I love this song!
Read me the news around my town
i'd like to touch base with Madisyn
Remind me about my vacation in Austin, TX in two months from today.
I don't want to go to Katja Petrowskaja: A Family Story Between Memory and Forgetting
Is there anything going on in Naples, FL this weekend
Latest breaking news
try calling Joanna with Messenger
Who is Diane?
What friends have birthdays in June?
set a timer for the chicken in the oven
Whatsapp as my default for calling
Tell me this weeks weather forecast.
unique recipes for lasagna
Delete my movie reminder for Saturday.
most recent news in seattle
we are gonna call Amanda
call Karl
stop calling Logan O
Remind me to pick up my dry cleaning
calories in cupcakes
Make me unavailable online
What time is our sewing club meeting reminder set for?
When is the next time it is forecast to rain?
Tell me who I know that is online this very minute.
Sleep ten more minutes
try calling Jennifer Curry with WhatsApp
how long should i cook pizza
I want to know more about Jack
please display all of my the reminders for my wife and I
make my alarm go off on monday to friday 7am
please show me the temperature
Create a reminder for my dentist appointment at 1pm tomorrow
convert this audio call to video
Can I listen to Ella Mai's last album
Open up top stories
text happy new years to Steve and Steve
Do I have any alarms for tonight?
Create a reminder for dinner with Janice for Tuesday night
Tell me a smoothie recipe
Play Steely Dan.
Show me texts from Ian on Facebook
make a call to 4915552125 on WhatsApp
Who won the Mega Millions
What will the high temperature be at Wells Maine today?
Set me two alarms for Wednesday being 9am and 10.30am
I need a reminder to wake up husband at 7:00 am
How long has Rachel been at Hilton?
Read me the top news headlines
how much does it snow in Alaska
Please show me all my missed calls today
I would like to send a video
Set the timer for 50 minutes
For timer, set it to go off in 30 minutes
I want a good recipe for cole slaw
will it rain soon?
go to track 3 please
Is today a jacket kind of day?
make sure i'm unavailable
what the top story from the new york times?
set two timers one for seven seconds one for 30 minutes
Where did Adele go to college?
do i know anyone from california
Disable my alarm please
Send message to Kelly
Do I have friends that work for Yahoo?
upcoming events in Jacksonville
please send the biology class group
please delete every lunch reminder i have with clark for next month
set an alarm for 0650
What's there to do at night next week in Oconto
Can you read me new messages?
Alarm Friday 6:45am please
Should I wear a heavy coat or a light jacket outside?
Make me an alarm for tomorrow morning please
stop the timer please
temperature for tomorrow
Make a new alarm for tomorrow evening.
set an alarm for 7am tomorrow
Cancel every alarm I have set.
how long should i boil corn on the cob
POLITICAL NEWS HEADLINES PLEASE
Message Mom that I'll call her later
send that video to Jose, Gina, and Jose
i want you to record a video message for Heather Trumbo since she is not available now
can you show me my reminders for the taxes
hang up on Kane
is Sunday to have sun?
Show me recipes on how to make kale greens
What is the best way to cook chicken breasts to ensure they aren't dry
What are my reminders for  2 PM next week Tuesday?
Comedy events in LA tonight
Let me hear the news on O.J. Simpson?
Give me a brief overview of top US stories
dial 555-0522
find a good chocolate dessert
How many nights this week will we drop below freezing
Latest news updates please
call George number one
tell me which contacts are available
How high is the snow outside?
Shut off timer, please.
Remind me to check the whether on Saturday at 9 am.
Pause the timer I just set.
would you resume my Pasta timer
What do my reminders look like for next week?
open pandora and look for latin music
Add 7 minutes to my timer.
Alarm next Tuesday to get the package at 6pm.
Make an alarm for 25th May at midday
How long do I need to cook ground beef for
Remind me to buy toothpaste this afternoon
Tell Jack I did not get the folders please resend
Play Broadway songs.
please tell me the new york weather forecast
How much fiber is in spinach?
What kind of dinner recipes can I make using peanut butter
Show me homework deadline reminders.
Begin call with Briana Sherman and Angelique Mcclure on Messenger
please read the details about bill cosby's court trial
find me a recipe for garlic bread
READ ME THE NEWS HEADLINES
find me my reminders about homework.
please set spotify as my default
I need to record a video message for Blakely
call Judy Collins
Do I have to use butter
on Messenger call James Petersen
open iheartradio and play WKTU.
Find friends who work at Disney.
no country music ever
Read me all headlines about North Korea
Remind Mason to do his trumpet this Saturday
call mom now
snooze 5 more
Replay current song.
Change my grocery list reminder from eggs and butter to pancakes and soap.
Is Steve Bannon still alive
what is going in Orange Park this weekend
Did John call me today?
remind me to send in my tax information to the IRS on the 15th of august
remind me about our trip to Tucson on Wednesday instead of Friday
Is Bob available online?
delete reminder to call doctor for appointment
Please delete reminder for tomorrow's 5pm video tennis team meeting.
Play some blues for me
Set an alarm for 2 minutes please
Is there anything interesting happening next week in my area
current temperature bursa turkey
I want to video message Hayden
Snooze the alarm now.
I want to cook pho, what do I need
Add another 5 minutes to the timer
Please play Motown music
are there some punk bands having concerts this weekend in Georgia
remind me the appoint for the dentist
How many sticks of butter for sugar cookie recipe
What is sunday's high?
Make alarm for every monday at 10am
how do i cook a turkey
what is the dew point today
How many reminders do I have?
Can it ever be too cold to snow
Tell Jimmy the puppet show will be tonight at the local elementary school.
What's the temp outside right now?
How many calories are in a chocolate cake
What sports games are happening
start calling the grandpa of Rosalie Joseph
Is it going to be around 73 in degrees C in Madrid this weekend
Did I set up a reminder for the dog groomers next month?
touch base with Isaiah
Can you get more events similar to Children's Fest please?
What's happening in Baltimore tonight
Is lemon or lime juice better for guacamole
remind me to email mom that recipie for cookies
how much hot sauce should I use for this chicken wing recipe
play that tool song again
Set a timer for 15 minutes again.
what is going on at lake lanier this weekend
set time for two hours and ten minutes
what is going on in Denver thursday night
I'm baking cookies in the oven, can you remind me to take them out in 25 minutes?
Send a message to Dakota and wish him a happy birthday.
play ed sheeran new album
How's the weather this weekend ?
Taylor's dad is who?
I want to listen to Jay Z's latest album
Will it rain on Saturday?
Which of my friends attended KU?
Keep reading Messages
Change the time of my last reminder
What time did Sam videochat with me yesterday?
i'd like to leave a video recording for Clara U Meringolo
please show my friend on the screen
stream music through google play music only
Set new reminder for movie screening on Tuesday at 7pm
set me a reminder to email dad tomorrow at 5pm for his meeting
Move our reminder about Aunt Thelma's birthday to next Monday.
Get news from the Washington Post
play something from the 90's
Show me all my reminders for this week.
How many friends do I have that live in New York City
How hot is it for San Francisco next week degrees C
will it be cold tonight?
text happy new years to Kelly and Tony
Show me all the reminders I have set for fantasy football drafts
I don't want to forget to charge my phone
make a call to ollie
Cancel my current timer.
Show me the news from the New York Times
get me my video messages from my grandmother
Give me a financial update from Wall Street
re-play previous track
Is it cold Outside?
Shuffle all my radio stations
Take the brunch reminder off my calendar for Sunday
how to make ice cream at home
Please message Cricket and tell her Happy Birthday.
Make a timer for 30 minutes.
Are there any weather updates I should know about?
Does Kathy work in High Point?
read a list of who's on
I need the news
I want a new alarm
set a reminder to request vacation tomorrow at 9
is it raining in London
Is this a good travel week?
set an alarm for 10 am tomorrow
What is the baking temperature temperature for chicken breast
add Charity Starchman
start a Hangouts call with Mary
Is it supposed to rain in Marshalltown, Iowa next week.
show my all of my set alarms please
spotify play hip hop playlist
Has Danielle ever worked for NHU?
Give me information about what the weather will be like in New York next weekend
Repeat alarm Wednesday 4pm for 5 weeks
Activate 'wake me' alarm for 7am
remind me to call the pool cleaner thursday
How cold is it in Washington State
Does Larry live in San Leandro?
do you have any good recipes for pho
Do I need a pinch of sugar for tomato sauce
What concerts are coming to Sacramento
how long has the timer been running?
Set an alarm for 4:45 am
recent news on los angels crimes
Patch Alex into this call
Events in Atlantic City tomorrow night
send the text to my siblings
Remind me on October 5th to make hotel reservations for the trip.
What are Rachel's favorite TV shows?
Make me an alarm to go off every Tuesday at Noon for 4 weeks
Who works for savannah pd
Has Dahlia messaged me today?
Whose birthday is on the 29th of September?
who is still online?
When did Julie start working for Sam's Club?
where does Kade work
Shuffle the channels.
What are the top headlines for national news
set a lunch time alarm for noon
What is the headline on the New York Times
can you please send video message to Jeff and Jim
How much do I have left on the timer?
Stop my alarms from ringing.
Find Gucci Mane covers.
do i have any reminders?
Who graduated from HBC in George?
Get me mom
Can you remind me that I have a hair appointment on Saturday at 3pm and send the first alert three hours prior.
get me my friend Walker
Give me an update on the flooding in Houston
remind me about doctor's appointment next month
Give me a new song.
Delete all of my reminders related to swim team buddies activities.
Is it raining by my office
Change my reminder for my doctor appointment next Monday to Tuesday.
delete reminder to pick up milk
How do I delete my reminders
Ingredients to make healthy homemade fries
show me popular events
What is the temperature in Mexico City?
how long is the timer set for
Delete all reminders.
Ingredients to make a mushroom risotto
Alarm 2am.
Remind me to call the dentist tomorrow morning at 930.
And the weather is?
tell me the forecast for an entire week
What is John's new home address?
let's see who is available
will it be cold enough to wear a parka this winter?
Get my video messages from Celeste and Dentist Jane
movies in southington tonight
I need a recipe for vegan chocolate cake
remind me about danny dentist appointment at 8 on the 13th and set an alert for 1 day
text Derek cool
text uncle tony and let him know I will be there by noon according to the navigator
Record video message for Stolarz Irmgard
Set an alarm for 6am.
please remove all game night reminders for January
what track is this
reply with a video
Call bride
please skip this song
set an alarm for 5h25
what are today's reminders
Give me the weather forecast for 3rd May please.
Modify timer to reduce timer for 50 seconds
Did my cousin message me today?
Record video message for Thomas
Find me a recipe that using burger
who sent that last message
call Valeria Walter call Madden Leonard in Whatsapp
sports events in Jacksonville this weekend
Please play me some Rolling Stones.
is there a special weather advisory?
Add MARIO to the call
What's the weather like for the next week?
Another 10 minutes
What type of pan should I use to bake a pizza
show me my dinner reminders for this week
play damn damn damn
How much dry oregano can be used in place of fresh oregano
bring up some of my past calls with riley please
Is it going to be above 63 in degree F paris tomorrow
It's cold what's the weather?
please add five minutes to the You aren't done running till this goes off timer
What's happening in Las Vegas New Year's Eve at 11:00pm
Read me tonight's news headlines
call my lass
Shut up your voice dear alarm.
Cancel my reminder for picking up my husband's dry cleaning, he can do it himself, the jerk
set timer for my travel time
What does the weather look like tomorrow?
Please put me as unavailable
remind me to change the time for time change
ring moms's phone
How many inches of rain did Slaton get today?
Find who works at Bradesco Bank.
WHO IS THE GREATEST DRUMMER OF ALL TIME
show all alarms set
New alarm to wake me up
Find pie recipes
I want to know the current news related to Bears Ears national monument
Set an alarm for 10 at night.
going to The Olive Festival
What active alarms do I have currently
How do I make mashed cauliflower
Will it be a hot one today?
cancel all trash take out reminder
Are there any tennis matches happening soon
get my grandsons on the phon
Find Ashlee Brown's mother
Tell me who I know that could be online
What time did the school call me today?
Put snooze for 10 minutes
Setup a reminder to video chat my sister tomorrow.
I need you to message Steve
pause alarm for 5 minutes
reset timer and change it to 20 mins
what is the temperature going to be this afternoon
Who called me at 3AM?
Is there anything to do this Sunday
How cold is it at Shanghai in degrees Fahrenheit
Dial my aunt
Message Trevor and tell him we will be in Ohio on Tuesday the 19th.
Show me all of the reminders for work this week?
add Mackenzie
Change reminder to have my car repaired from Tuesday to Thursday and make the appointment earlier
play Jeezy
Time left on timer?
Whats going on downtown this week
How to do you cook chicken queso casserole
how much hot pepper should I use for a mild sauce
Remind me to get an oil change on Friday at 10 am
what is in alfredo sauce
whats latest crime news
Can you remind Bob to take the trash out on Friday?
Pause timer for now.
Play E-40's new album
remind me to compare prices on internet service next week when my contract is up
ask dad to send me the videos he showed me earlier
what are some ideas for kids lunches
call Ahmad Cachu right yes
How do I make lasagna
What's the temperature right now?
Will it snow on Saturday?
Remind me that everything is beautiful
is it snowing in toledo
When is my reminder for the dentist
Do I know anyone who went to Yale?
What's the forecast in Destin, Florida next weekend?
Ask Becca is she wants to go to Harbor fest in Oswego
What are the ingredients in The Worlds Best Lasagna recipe
can you start a video call
please send my family video message
What is Amanda's home address?
Start monthly alarms for Tuesdays at 6 am and 6 pm
Remind me to pay rent Wednesday
Dads friends names
Set alarm to go off in ten minutes
is it warm in mountain view
how long before my alarm goes off?
Did any of my friends attend UW-Waukesha?
please change my Vacuum timer
Parties in Minneapolis tomorrow
What was that last song
Remind me to wash my hair this Saturday.
The name of my friend that works at Starbucks
How much time do I have left on my timer before 7 o'clock?
mark me as not going to Open Stage NYC
Change my reminder from tomorrow to, today at 5pm
Which friends' alma mater is KU?
What ingredients are in Ice Cream
please read me the top headlines
Please tell me about the weather in Milan
how many calories in one brownie
add stepmother to call
let's call Uriel using WhatsApp
Delete my tv show reminder.
call Piper Chavez through whatsapp
show me texts from life partner Emery
Please play some hip hop music
Can you give me the weather for Captial District of New York?
Wish Ken a Happy Birthday
Remind me to get my computer fixed when I return from vacation.
play Happier the album
Is Overland Park getting snow on Thursday?
Find Sam's work address.
Set a reminder to call uncle Anthony tomorrow at 7 pm
I need to call Alex this afternoon; can you remind me at 12pm?
Who works with Judy at Gage County?
I want to hear the next track
I'm looking for a pesto recipe
Are there any concerts coming up in Fargo, North Dakota
How long do I need to bake sweet potato fries for
play baby einstein on spotify
how many zucchini do you need for zucchini bread
Remind me to pick up Chineses food today
what temperature does this need to be at
play my country station on Pandora
Put my alarm to go right to snooze tomorrow morning
When did OJ Simpson get out
Call Mary M Welch now
grab my texts from my partner Brooklynn
i want to phone call 4085556205 on Skype
grab messages from my grandma Heaven
what was tiana saying this morning
Send message via Messenger
Change all reminders on Sunday morning to Monday night
I would like to message a video message
my next alarm is what time
Get Travel ban news
People online.
weather prediction on 19 may 2000 in ica
Is it supposed to rain on Thursday?
Resume the countdown.
Message Ben and ask if he is seen my wallet.
What news is there in St. Louis today?
what are messages from girlfriend Jasmine
Show me how to cancel reminders manually.
Text Jason, yes, thanks.
Call my income tax agent, please.
Can you remind me to send a message to the facebook buyer to confirm our meeting time on Saturday?
will it be sunny or rainy tomorrow
Remind me about tomorrow playdate
set reminder for 30 days
I want to call spouses
Wake me up in the morning
Create alarm for in the morning.
please update my Move chicken to fridge timer
Play classic punk music
friends of Lucy
record video message on work for Refugia Kroesing
Stop jogging timer
Change Carla reminder from Monday to Tuesday.
Tell me the weather for India on next week
When is my next family dinner reminder?
repeat the timer with 2 minutes
Where does John work?
should I bring an umbrella
How long should you marinate a steak
What's the weather like next weekend?
play Legend (The Definitive Remasters) on Spotify
What is current weather in Paris?
will it snow in nashville today
leave a message with daryl and say 20 dollars should cover it
give me the news update for around the world.
Remind my sister to bring a dish to pass next Sunday
Create alarms for next week at 5am
I'm looking for chicken recipes
Set alarms for 8 and 9 on Saturday
internal temp for pork
call Jim Chatampaya 's grandpa
Tell me who works at Portuguese Bakery?
update birthday party reminder for mom to tuesday afternoon
Phone my brother Paul.
Show me news from Europe
please dont answer the call
any friends online now
How about making a video message to send to Mandy?
How do I cook paleo noodles
where does bob work
please snooze my alarm for 20 minutes
find who work at whole food
do i need a coat today
how much rain have we gotten last month
play some drake
Remind Joe K to call me on the 19th at 7 please
give me local news headlines
is it raining tonight
Who works at the gym
It's supposed to rain in Norcross today, isn't it?
is there any news on the north korea threats
remind me to spray for bugs tomorrow at 3 pm
please remove 1 hour from my timer
what is in tahini sauce
Create alarm for Thursday morning
please give me a news update
tell me who's on facebook
How does it look over Quebec?
Events in Los Angeles tonight
WHAT ALBUM IS THIS SONG FROM?
reduce timer by 1 minute
Play Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol on Pandora please.
I need to switch to the incoming call
Tell Joshua happy birthday.
Tell Pandora to play Death Valley
How do you make cheesecake
HOW MUCH PRECIPITATION WILL THERE BE TOMORROW?
Can you get events I'm invited to?
What is the weather like in Cincinnati, Ohio?
Remind me to bring an extra pair of shoes to the river.
delete all my reminder for coming sunday
reach out to Pam by a call
Please remind me to respond to my mom's text message after I get out of class at 6:35pm.
When did Phil start working for McDonalds
start conference call
Tell me about ramon
Does pie have molasses in it
please call 5558168  from iPhone
how long do I bake macaroons
Can I see my reminders, please?
Remind me that school starts Wednesday at 9am
Who works in New York City
Message Jack “damn Daniel”
Call my boyfriend now
How do I make homemade chocolate chip cookies
When was the last time Luke called me?
alert me 2 hours before my meeting with patrick today
How long until my timer is up?
can you use Messenger to call Aviana
What is the humidity in Fort Lauderdale today?
Find me an overnight oats recipe
is there any national news about the war in Syria
Did Mom message me back last night?
show news from newsy
Remind me to leave to meet David Saturday in Keansburg at 4 pm.
Find vegan entree recipes
cancel all timers and alarms
I'm finished with this call
What is the weather going to be in Boise at 9 am tomorrow?
Whats there to do at home the week of Christmas
easy meatloaf recipies
How many tea spoons do I need to make tea
ping James Petersen
text Robert and Gina that talk to you later
WHAT ALL INGREDIENTS ARE ADDED IN STRING BEAN CASSEROLE
How many reminders do I have for waxing appointments?
Cancel all my reminders
give me the most recent news stories
Delete the current song please
Set a reminder for Mrs. Thomas that orientation  is on the 7th @ 9 and alert her 10 mins before
Play Brett Young
Message Wesley to ask him if he wants to run in the half marathon that I am running in.
How long do you cook banana bread
Pause Music
call Amaris A Christopher
Send a reminder to my brother about vacation
remind me to wash nicky's baseball clothes before Thursday at 2 pm
Things to do in Boston next weekend
Remind me to conference with my sister about my mother's birthday party detail.
Let me know what the weather will be at 3pm
how many calories in funnel cake
How do you make home-made ice cream
Hold my call with Jennifer.
Where's Comic Con at?
Set a timer for 6 hours.
I want Wife removed from this call
phone Jessica Dominguez's mom
How long has Jackie worked for Viaero?
What's fun to do tomorrow night
ARE THERE ANY DEVELOPMENTS IN THE CASEY ANYTHING CASE
Current events in New York
Can you call up Xavier, Kevin, and Ryan
Set my status as going for this event
Which music events are on this weekend in Basking Ridge
show me successful calls from jaime from today
Call Popa
what can i do this weekend
Is Jim going to be 60 on January 24th
Video game tournament reminder changed to the 16th instead of the 12th
invite Jean and Bill to this call
when did i video call dave
find me a recipe with black olives
update my wake up wife timer
answer new call and end current call
would you tell me the location of this event
play Island 98 5
Remind me twice to dry my laundry today
whats the weather forecast for the bank holiday weekend?
Do I have missed calls?
Can you message Beth and ask her if she would like a coffee.
Play my Broadway soundtrack playlist
Is it cold outside ?
Start switch call
play A$AP Ferg music
What is happening in Los Angeles tonight
Message Kevin asking if he liked his lunch.
How many of my friends attended University of Phoenix?
Who is Keesha?
Turn off my alarm please.
How Long has Albert worked for 1st National?
Remind the Special needs mom group about the Jungle Poppins record premiere tonight at 8pm.
Play my top music
add Peyton
Is Terry online?
Does ricotta cheese go in lasagna
I'd like you to tell me when Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz with Nikkita Oliver begins
WHEN IS THE WEATHER GOING TO BE MUCH COOLER
Shorten the time on timer for face mask.
Show my work alerts for today.
Remove the reminders I have for dinner with Felix
please send Jim that WhatsApp text
Set up a reminder for Camryn's birthday on September 7th.
What is the weather going to be like in Cornwall this weekend?
please ask mom to join the call
play the album Number Ones on iheartradio
call my mom now
make an alarm for 430h
answer any calls from scott immediantly
Set myself as available
turn on my alarm
set an alarm for 7:15am
bot; set the timer
When did Nina started at Purdue?
what do I do after mixing the eggs
Hey bot what the weather going to be like in Manchester
What reminders are set?
How will the weather be this arvo?
try to call Sherman Austin
I want to message Carmen
What city in the US has the best weather all year round
Alert me at 9am on Sundays
tell me what time dawn is thursday in anaheim
what is the recipe for homemade cookies
Set a repeating alarm every Friday at 3pm for 4 weeks
call my Whatsapp contact Nolan
Share Feast of San Gennaro with Marlee
Delete alarms list
Give me details on the healthcare repeal.
Set alarm for 11 am tomorrow
Please call my wife
can i know what the high temperature for today is expected to be
any boat shows this weekend
I want to call Gaven via WhatsApp
Quick and easy recipes
what were the headlines on pix news this morning
Give me the names of the people who work for Williams Family Dentistry.
Have I received any messages from Kevin Lee Ox this week
Tell me the forecast for Germany?
show who is on
Go back to my call with Chidi
How long do I cook chicken breasts in the oven
What are the top US news stories today
call Lawanna Tafiti 's nephew
play some rock music
delete my reminder for before bedtime
Reset alarm
try giving call to Sakura Kerry
remind me about cycle class tomorrow
Play another song by the same artist
What are my reminders for tests and papers this month?
Remind the soccer moms to bring snacks on Saturday morning.
Will it snow this weekend?
Set a repeating alarm for every Wednesday at 6 in the evening.
rsvp yes to Olympic Peninsula Apple and Cider Festival
Erase the reminder about work this week.
play 'Let Me Down Slowly'
Remind me when my tv show is on
please set an alarm for 3:00 pm every day
Help me find events for next weekend
remind me to pick up batteries today
set up daily alarm for 9AM
Can you tell me the names of friends who went to San Diego University?
Remind me Thursday about the football game instead of Saturday
Remove the alert on my reminder for sleeping early.
remind me of my dr appt next monday
Will it be warm this afternoon?
What temperature is best to bake chicken?
Make myself unavailable.
Is it around 64 in Celsius at Shanghai next week
Send a message to Alaina that she will have music lessons on July 10th and 24th at 10 am
Tell Bud he will need to leave for the concert by 4 to beat rush hour
call all parents please
can you fix a timer
Ask my vet what time the cat's check up is on Friday
is there any news on the new healthcare proposal?
Organize a call with my family
add daughter to this call
What's the temperature going to be.
please dial Edward right away
I want to see some news in 1985
record video message for Raymonde Stockholm
Message Donna and ask when dinner is
Remind me to call and schedule a gutter cleaning next month.
Give me the forecast for NY state
What is the forecast for St. John's, Newfoundland?
news update now
I want musical events
Is there any call from Eva?
please invite sara to the call
default music app sirius xm
what is the heat index tomorrow
Ban this track.
Can you give me more information about the new immigration laws
any news on the president?
can you delete reminders
let me see messages from my significant other Isabella
What will the temperature change be tomorrow
Set timer for 10 min
is anyone in my contact list online
call Elise O
Can I ride with the convertible top down tomorrow? What is the forecast?
update weather
Can you use apple cider vinegar in place of vinegar
When did Jaden graduate?
Set up a reminder for Tim to call the dentist
Listen to my The Voice playlist
Wake me up at 7am every morning
find a wheat bread recipe
What's the low for today?
Set alarm for 'football' every sunday at 1pm
Tell me about Laura Karlson
What's the high for tomorrow
Put Helen into this call.
remind me to set up a reminder to take the trash out.
Weather in England!
Message Kevin if he will join me for the cocktail party.
How do I tell when chicken is cooked
MESSAGE BETTY AND ASK HOW SHE'S FEELING TODAY
do you know Sam's age?
recipe for baked carrots
find me a chicken curry recipe
Will I need a sweater Sunday?
dial Mom's number
Will it be icy
set reminder for sunday
Play Alicia keys album
set my status as going for the first event
I need to call my cousin tonight, can you remind me after 7:00 pm.?
Give me a news update on the children dying at the Indian hospital
ingredients  in ice cream
I have to reschedule tomorrow's meeting, so please delete that reminder.
Remove my reminder for James' 11am baseball game
what are some good chicken meals
can you send it to Josh via Messenger
show me all my reminders set for after 5pm this week
remind me to Listen to a genre of music  perhaps Jazz at 4 pm
Remind me to call Dr. Salomn to reschedule appointment.
Snooze alarm till 8am.
In one hour remind me to check the kid's homework.
local events this weekend
record a video message for my grandmother
Pause this timer. Please
display my texts on WhatsApp
What are the top news headlines
call Ivy 's boyfriend
Sundown happens when?
Did Laila work for AT&T
Message Missy that I am on my way and hope to be at Dockside by 7:00.
When is the next White House news conference
Fun events in Dallas
I thought I already set up a reminder for the phone call at 3, but will you check?
List all of my grocery store reminders for this coming week.
Set up a reminder to call Rose next Monday.
what are my spotify playlists?
is monica still working at target?
What is the news with the food recall?
resume the baking timer
terminate communication now
Who's online for chat tonight?
Tell me when The Handmade & Reclaimed Market begins
new alarm for 27th may at 6pm
Do I need my umbrella
will there be fog in the morning
create a playlist: Hot Country
Which bookstore is Lisa working right now?
Alarm must be set for tomorrow
I'd like to call I Carney
Call sons
call Ariel Rosario call Finn Crawford with Whatsapp
What events do you recommend
Set a reminder to pack for vacation next Tuesday at 5 PM.
Identify all the reminders that have to do with my Friend Angela and erase them
Do any of my cousins currently attend the University of Scranton?
what is going on in downtown la next friday
Did anyone go to state of florida
Which of my friends went to Louisiana Tech?
Send a message to Natalie we'll meet her at gate C for the Indians game.
I will wake up in 10 minutes snooze it
Music events in Fan Jose tomorrow
Remind me about choir practise tonight
I want to listen to Dua Lipa
Share that comedy event with Gregory
Delete the birthday party reminder because it has been cancelled.
how do i bake soft chocolate chip cookies
How hot is it tomorrow palo alto in degrees Celsius
Remind me to take a shower in 15 minutes
Who works at the Baker Shoes in the Boise mall?
call to kevin
What will the weather be like on Victoria Day?
what is the recipe for PF changs chicken soup
What's this weekend's weather going to be like?
How can I make brownies
Turn this into a video message.
Give me a weather forecast for Saturday
Is it supposed to storm tonight
Remove 5 minutes from the timer.
What is the weather next week in Miami?
Do I have any reminds for tomorrow at 3 PM?
what's the weather gonna be at midnight
set timer for 20 minutes.
Replay the current song
Start a timer for 25 min.
is it going to be windy on the beach today
remind me of all alarms
how many calories are in a slice of cake
How many years has John been in school
remind me to feed the kids
What are the news from France ?
Give me news updates from the New York Times
How do I cook fried rice
can you call 7105553393 on WhatsApp
Set alarm to snooze for 15 minutes
cancel my date reminder
Show me all of the reminders about birthdays this month?
Set alarms for 7 am every weekday
who is connected on line now
Set an alarm for 12am please
Message Steve asking if he has my ID
Can you start a video call with my Hockey group
Remind me to take an alternate route home from work tonight.
Give me the top national news stories.
Show daughters in law birthdays
delete the reminder for my hair appointment
play the song Happy
How long has Lily work at her current job?
do i have a scheduled reminder for today
Is it going to rain in NYC on Saturday?
Please play Thotiana by Amine on Pandora.
Remind me to call Connor at 4 pm.
Play more music like this.
Remind me to call my wife, so I can change the time of our lunch appointment.
Which of my family members have December birthdays?
This week's forecast?
Create a new reminder to change the blocks forward an hour for daylight savings time on Sunday.
Ask Joe if we can stay at the Inn for his baby shower this weekend
I need something to do tomorrow night
play International Superhits! on Spotify
Do not call
add Maria
Ring my Mum.
I want to call someone
Remind me to go to the meeting at 2pm
Rewind the song
reply to the daughters play date chat with message
concerts in St Augustine this weekend
What temperature is it in Celcius?
Band performances in Memphis
set a birthday reminder for cheys party at six
I want to snooze alarm
remind me to work on my 100 list over the weekend
any headlines about obama
what is the best oven temperature for a pot roast
Delete my reminder for canvassing on Tuesday.
Anyone of my friends is online now?
modify my alarm for tomorrow to 8am
I want my music app to be spotify
Let Todd know Kaleb's dentist appointment is going to be Thursday at 2pm
Call Dr. Dewart
what is the weather next week
Whats happening tonight
does sam still lives in the same home address
Switch to my favorite New Age channel.
Continue reading that message.
Do I have any reminders set for tomorrow
Update the reminder to pick up Sally at the doctor tomorrow.
Ask mom what time does my sister's  party start
What birthdays are coming up in on the 17th of April?
When did Danielle start at the University of Chicago?
read message
Who is currently active online?
Set up a reminder for visit from my cousin this saturday
play news on cnn
how many calories is in a cup of cheese
Has the development thread sent me anything
Delete my reminder for Natalie's wedding
Any recent news about Obama?
cancel reminder to buy eggs
Start alarm for 9am every Sunday biweekly
Add Melissa to the call
One minute timer please
What temperature is steak baked at
message Walter, Paul and Susan something that says talk to you later
Do you know who is in charge on this hotel?
Sporting events in Memphis this Friday
On July 16th activate an alarm
Call Teresa please
Add 5 minutes to my existing timer.
Play me some psychedelic music.
what is the headline for today's paper
live the washington post updates
Call son in law
Replay this song please
Info about Mario's work address
any interesting parties in Jackson this december
Please read me all the upcoming reminder relating to my wife.
show me my next reminder
play DJ Khaled on spotify
what year did this album come out?
I need a timer for dinner.
Can you please record and send a video message to  Dee Walker?
Change my status to available
I'd like to make Chicken Pot Pie from scratch
Find me a healthy recipe for baking a cake
How many years has Bill worked for Loaf n' Jug?
Redial mum's number
anyone call?
i want to see messages from grandson Cheyenne
Set up a reminder for Final Project 2 due on August 15th.
Set my birth control alarm
Tell me my alarms today
Are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie calling off the divorce?
remind me to call uncle john at noon
Give me details on Dow Jones
it is hot weather today
play the doobie brothers
Find Rihanna.
I don't want to go to the second event
how do i cook a veggie burger
when is my first reminder for a meeting next week
Do I know anyone who graduated from Indiana State University?
call Luna 's brother
can you start another timer
Talk me through the weather on Tuesday in Taiwan.
set alarm for 8am every sunday
how long did I set my timer for yesterday
What is the weather in New south wales ?
Are there any reminders for Gary tomorrow
call up Waylon's papa Natalie Schmidt
What is on events list in Gainesville
start playing Nothing But The Beat
Can I wear shorts to ocean shores today?
What do you know about Peter?
Start a timer in one minute for 5 minutes
Remind me tomorrow, to add a dash of lemon to the Thai Coconut rice, to make it fluffy.
Who is Aubrey and does she live near em
Change my reminder to mail the water mitigation check from tomorrow to 4 PM today.
Message Jen and ask if she has plans for this weekend.
Is it above 65 degrees F around Dublin tonight
Who is Lisa's current employer?
How many tablespoons to make a cup of coffee
call Kaila and Jessica and Tyler and Ashlynn
call Zoey 's wife
check if katie is online right now
What's the weather going to be later on?
Do I have any reminders
set a reminder for june 13 to watch tv show
call Jaden Downs on video with Whatsapp
play music by train
can i have an alarm for tuesdays 7pm
I want to make a roast
how many degrees is it in turkey right now
Delete reminder.
how will Miami be tomorrow?
How much longer do I have to go
How to make a turkey
Please remind me to mail Christmas cards on Dec 12.
Display my reminder
Remind me to buy more copy paper.
When did Grandma try to video call me?
How many reminders do I have for this week?
Are there any concerts going on this weekend
Can I record a video message
I need to exercise at 2pm tomorrow afternoon
please send that video to Rebecca, Garrett, and Steve
Hey bot will the weather be ok at 5pm
find fake news
change my status to going for the second event
Set a bedtime alarm for 7pm
Is it around 66 in Fahrenheit in Dehli
answer incoming call and end current
How would be the weather like at 4 pm?
set my status as going to Fly 5K at the Museum of Flight
Some missed video chats here
Update the current news
Give me the latest news please
Fill me in on the latest cable news broadcast
What where the winds gusts up to today?
Show me my next reminder for today
would you message Beth and Audrey
Skip back two tracks please.
send me a reminder notification 1 hour before my flight
my friends in GA online
text Kylie Davis and Sam that talk to you later
Turn alarm off now
Delete the reminder to meet Eli for dinner on Thursday.
display friend list please
can you please send text to Paul and Steven
rewind 10 seconds please
what is a healthy recipe for hummus
Tell me who worked at Heinz Field
change my status to not going for the fifth event
Set a reminder to change the litter box on August 17, 2017.
video chat Carson Jordan and Steve Conner
Create go to sleep alarm
cancel all reminders pertaining to the wedding
Show all Krista A. Selvaggi fathers-in-law upcoming birthdays
Give me information about the weather
Set reminder to start dinner for 60 minutes from now.
Show me all the alarms I have created
What time did the sun set on August 5th 1922
lets see texts from Gideon
read me the latest news update about the transgender ban in the military
can you send the preferred friends group
start a call with lisa please
Put an alarm on for 5:10 on the 23rd
Tell me the weather in kelvin
When is my next reminder to give dog medicine?
What is type of appointment in the reminder for July 12
please dial Emily right away
Tell me please how much time is left of my timer
How old is Malcolm
how many calories is in a 14 oz bottle of chocolate milk
Take Manuel off this call please
I'd like more info on suzy
Remind me to call Bowe at 5 instead of 6
Who sings "I Can See Clearly Now"?
when is my next dentist reminder
How long is left on the lunch timer?
Delete all alarms for Saturday
Remind me to give Jim a call at 6 pm tomorrow.
My favorite show comes on at 8:00 tomorrow, can you please remind me?
play Free Fallin' on iHeartRadio
Can you please call my mother
Remind Bill that I love him today at 4pm
Create an alarm that goes off every week day at 7:30am
Add person to call, John
Are there any ice hockey games happening soon
Brief me on the latest American political news.
Message the Coach to tell her we'll be late.
Move my reminder about Mom's birthday to next Friday.
hilo events next week
What languages does Putin speak
restart current timer
how long does it take for jello to be ready after the prep is complete
Remind me that Gabriella's school start August 13th.
Who's going to Halloween Pumpkin Flotilla?
I want to call my photography group
play more songs like this one
Set an alarm for 6 pm
Remind me to set multiple alarms about my flight on Wednesday. Could you also alert me 10 minutes before midnight.
set up an alarm to put up an out of office message for holidays on thursday,20th of december
Where did Donald Trump go to college?
cancel reminder to call mom
What is the weather in Richfield MN tomorrow night
Create a reminder at 10pm to go to sleep.
i want to listen to the beatles
who was this morning's missed call from?
Which calls did I miss yesterday?
Share Gates of Heaven with Aiden
Make a reminder to sign up for dance classes.
how did the stock market close
read me the top news stories
Show me the latest news from Reuters
concerts in Fresno this weekend
Is chicken softer than turkey
Message Christie that the weekend movie will be her choice.
hang up on Hope
Start a call Goth
drop Brandon a line
live concerts this weekend
Tell Kennedy to send me her location
Play my Spotify playlist in the kitchen
What's happening in Baltimore this weekend
Which of my friends have birthdays in March?
Please add 3 more minutes to this timer
What ingredients do I need to make strawberry jam
i want to see video messages from my mother
snooze
Delete my alarm for tomorrow
Do any of my friends attend Eastern?
Please remind me to refill Riley's medicines today
I said set a reminder to pack for Afest
How long should I cook chicken
Vegan birthday cakes
What's the current news on the U. N.?
Remind me to eat breakfast in the morning.
Is my best friend online?
What's Jose sales territory?
Can you please tell me who works at Mcdonalds?
Resume the timer in 10 seconds
Show me who is free now
set a reminder to turn off the air conditioning at 10am
finished my reminder please delete
set alarm for every monday 7am
Remind me to call Natalie tomorrow
Show me all the concerts in Grand Prairie next weekend
Stop alarm for 5 mins.
Make my status unavailable
what ingredients are in chicken alfredo
Every Friday 5pm new alarm.
Make a workout timer for 45 minutes
Set a timer called walk dog
I want to make recipes with a short ingredient list
What is the headline news on MSNBC?
set snooze for 10 minutes
Please read the details about Donald Trump's threats via Twitter to North Korea
Please change my availability to unavailable
Give me a break and let me sleep
find friends who got a master's degree
Any news about the nintendo switch
vegetarian soup recipe
Add song to favorites
Would you add in Megan?
Needed; 5 day forecast.
i would like to message that video to Bill, Dana Thompson, and Raul
Who that Mrs. Maryln Truocchio know was born on June 7th?
please send Liang that text via WhatsApp
What type of event is Autumn Moon Festival?
Snooze the alarm for fifteen minutes
what is the latest breaking news?
leave this call and switch to the new call
What is the weather doing in the New England region?
What's the status of my workout timer
Play something upbeat
call Lorenzo Lenard Laurelli 's aunt
add sarah on this call too
Delete the reminder about my doctor appointment.
Reset playlist to country genre.
Who went to UCR?
set up a video call with cousins
play Bruno Mars on Spotify
Answer the call from moms Trudy
Should I carry an umbrella tomorrow?
Create an alarm June 3rd for 3 in the afternoon.
Start a timer for 21 minutes from now
Call Tammy
change my status to offline
give me my news headlines
Hiq many occurrances are my alarms
Send a message asking Tony for directions to his house.
modify timer by adding 15 mins
video chat with allen on Line
call Whatsapp Abel Kelly
is there a music concert in my neighborhood tonight
can you message Peter and say dinner still on tonight?
Remove the reminder to reset the clock.
Any one here came from Alexandria?
show me video messages from my husband
Can you create a bed time alarm for tonight?
Remind me to take my dog on a walk this evening
create alarm for 4.15 pm and 7pm
I would like some instrumental guitar music
What's the latest news updates
What was Susan's First College?
How many grams of protein are in this piece of meat
I need to call my brother tonight at 5 can you please remind me around 3pm.
I wanted to make a phone call
play the album Discovery on iheartradio
what's happening tomorrow in Brooklyn
What is the likelihood of storms today
please restart timer in 15 minutes
remind me to pick up my daughter from soccer at 7
I need a recipe for homemade pie crust
What is the main ingredient in eggroll sauce
What are the ingredients for Pumpkin pie?
Alexa remind me to book tickets for Las Vegas hotels in the new year.
Should I melt the butter
Delete the reminder for Lily's gymnastic class.
Will it be around 84 in degree fahrenheit out there next week
Set a reminder to wash the dishes at 4 pm
How do you make vegetarian lasagne
Events in Atlanta tomorrow
Call Jayla Carole Bautista for me
What is the most important national story at the moment
call Knox with WhatsApp please
can you set an alarm for one and a half hours from now
Back exercises timer paused.
call Santiago four
I want to see all alarms
Details on Russia election tampering
Has the school thread sent me anything
Anything cool going on in hardy tonight
what is the murder rate in Chicago
What is the temperature for a chicken to be cooked
Can you play any BTS song?
what is the rice to water ratio for cooking sushi rice
i have to wake up at 7am
Are there any softball games going on on Saturday
call Yaretzi 's girlfriend
What temperature should I bake brownies on
tell me the forecast for the weekend
What's going on in West Palm
Create a new alarm for Mondays.
I need more details about the OJ Simpson case
How much sodium is in canned goods
call Musicals group on Whatsapp
Remind me to call Chrissy and see how her new job is coming along.
Delete all the reminders set for the Book Fair group next week now.
Pause the current song.
Message my doctor asking if I can get a refill on my prescription without coming in to the office
what is the time left in the timer?
Find me a recipe for chicken salad
doctors appointment reminder for Tuesday afternoon
open spotify and play face the sun
Recent news on OJ Simpson trail
repeat current song
Is it below 34 in degrees Fahrenheit in Paris tomorrow
How hot does Arizona get?
iheartradio KRPT
Election update
Will I need a rainjacket ?
Call Frank Russell Blevins now
WhatsApp call Kaila Obrien
Any news on the marijuana legalization in Sonoma County
respond interested to the fifth event
What are London's top stories this week?
Bot, find articles about nuclear weapons.
Remind me to mail the thank you cards out Monday at 8am.
Please set an alarm for 30 minutes from now.
how do I hard boil an egg
Put another 25 minutes on the pomodoro timer
Can you give me more news about China
Whats the weather in perth
Tell me the latest gossip news
Remind the hiking group to bring their gear on Saturday morning.
play music
How much longer can I sleep before my alarm goes off.
Skip the next three tracks.
Will it snow on Christmas day?
snooze my alarm for 20 minutes
Record a video message for my father for a Christmas greeting
How it will be like in Portugal next month?
SHOW WHO IS AVAILABLE NOW
what were the sky news updates
Please set recurring alarms for Mondays at 6:45am, and 7:00am.
Set alarm for 7 pm today
Move my gas bill reminder up one day
start call with my family now
which year Shasi Kapoor die?
I want to see people who work for Linkedin.
We want to contact Begonia by video message.
Repeating alarm please, Thursdays at 9am.
REMIND ME ABOUT THE KID'S DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT WEDNESDAY AT 10AM
Ask Tammy if she got the position.
Show me things to do in Melbourne tomorrow
How much time do I have left on the turkey timer?
start a call with Elizabeth through WeChat
Please play me hit songs
Change Lila's doctor appointment reminder to 11am Thursday.
Play my This Is NF playlist
Do I have a missed call from my sister
I need to add someone to this call
Hang up the call with Jewel.
Tell me the weather in Victoria
Call her again
Can I go outside and tan
Play the other songs from this album.
lets video message Samantha
send it to Melissa Peters Higgins
I need an alarm for 8.30am
call my aunt
looking for something upbeat to listen to
call Regina George
Please pause current song
Donald trump news please
Record video message.
Play the latest jrock
what are the ingredients in great tasting pork stew
This Saturday, remind me to pick up the dry cleaning in the morning.
make a reminder on Wednesday at noon to finish the Amazon shop
Remove work reminders.
how warm is it today?
Are any of my friends online
What are the high and low temperatures today?
skip the track
things to do in los angeles this week
How many grams of ground beef do I need for hamburger patty
Play the current song again please
Whose birthday is on October 7th?
I would like to speak with Elsa, please
call Roderick Peth 's friend
Play only Taylor Swift
Show reminder to buy pool filter
create alarm for 15h30
what's tomorrow's weather looking like?
Tell me the weather forecasts for 7pm.
Get rid of my morning alarm for tomorrow
Recommend me some events in Buffalo
Change my existing timer to 30 minutes remaining
Set an alarm called 'gym' at 6am
set alarm for 8 hours from now
hang up on Xiomara Blakey
phone the grandpa of Max Black
What is the temp in Texas right now
Tell me my reminders for August 26.
How hot is it out there in degree F
Adjust this call by making it a video call
start my timer
do any of my friends go to harvard
When are my alarms?
Can I omit the salt in chocolate chip cookies
find me boneless chicken breast recipes
Which of Max Wollin grand daughters have birthdays coming up?
Recipes that incorporate matcha
Create a new alarm for 7:30 PM today
Read me last nights sports headlines
Is it snowing right now?
What is the cooking temperature for a stuffed pizza
play Guns N Roses on Pandora
remind me to email the shopping list to my mom
message a video to Samuel Fowler Mcguire
set the alarm to go off in just one minute
What is the temperature for soft boil
Are we supposed to have high winds today?
Set weekend alarm to 8 am
The next alarm is at what time
Play me hip hop music
Cancel my reminder to buy toilet paper.
What kind of event is Sleeping Beauty Dreams?
can you turn off repeat all music
Set the timer for 30 min. I do not want to leave the hair color in for too long
Set timer for 20 minutes, start
Is today's weather good for swimming?
remind me to take the dog to the vet on Wednesday at 1 pm.
set my status as interested for Insurgent Empire Book Launch
Drop the call
set an alarm for 9 pm
Remind me to pay the bills tomorrow.
Send a message to Marsha and Gavin telling them I am planning a surprise party for Parker next week.
Did anyone get a masters from MIT?
Set an alarm for 6am, thank you.
What concerts are in Omaha
How do you make Spanish rice
Add Alexander to call
How do I change my reminders for ballet practice?
Cancel any alarms already set.
Can I remove Vicky from this video call?
Set new alarm for 12 noon
Are there any reminders for next Tuesday?
Please switch calls
Please call mum
Who has a birthday this month?
What's going on next Friday
What temperature do I use to cook brownies
the reminder for the aliens movie should go off at 730pm tonight.
end the call with jackson
What was the number one top 40 album this week
I need to cook steaks.. how do I do that
please reduce my timer by 10 minutes
change my reminder for the party tonight for 6 not 7
Play Fly me to the Moon by Sinatra
can you give me any news about Guam and North Korea
I do not like that song and do not want to hear it
change the time on the laundry timer
stop call now
remind to drive husband home
How cold is it this weekend in Houston in degrees C
How cool will it be Saturday evening
I need a new alarm for 8:30 am
Did North Korea threaten anyone today
What type of cheese is used on cheeseburgers?
Call Dominos to order a pizza
Are there any volleyball matches on Saturday in L.A.
Can I listen to the last first song on thriller album
Message Eric and let him know that I will not be able to attend E's Birthday Extravaganza on the 7th of July at Cruze in Pittsburgh.
Update my alert to get gas after work
play the album Rocket Man (Non EA) on iheartradio
How many children does Paula Abdul have?
what is the temp in erie
What's the latest entertainment news
Which direction is the wind blowing
how long has the timer run for
Message Tobey asking him if he has my wallet.
call Maurice Chevalier
Find people who attended Lakeland High School
Ask Roxy if she needs to order more cookies for dessert
Send a message to my husband reminding him to pick up bread
i want to leave Jerry a video recording
Delete my reminder to call Mom on Saturday morning.
show me my weekly alarms
what kind of concerts are happening this weekend in nashville
take this call right now
cancel all my timers
invite Jake to call
Set alarm for go time
Call message service
What reminders do I have set up for Aug 11th?
Hot is it going to get this afternoon.
how hot is it today?
please tell me world news as it applies to my likes
I lost the message from my Dad that he sent yesterday, can you find it?
How do I cook oatmeal in the instant pot
How long has Bob worked at Fox?
Give me a news story from Japan
go ahead and call Elias Edney
audio calling mode on
Set chill alarm now
call my sister Ali Hunter using WhatsApp
send a message to alumni group that says sounds good
I need you to remind me about the meeting after school for tomorrow
send a message to dad that my birthday party will be on Friday at 6:00 at Pizza Hut
Remind my brothers and sisters it’s mom and dad’s 50th wedding anniversary on Saturday
Remind me to wash the dog this week
where is kim?
Remind me to call the insurance company about the minivan at 3 pm today.
Things to do in Miami this weekend
phone the spouse of Hudson
Movies at 9PM tonight in the Pittsburgh area
Things to do in Boston tonight
Wake me up at 7 on May 12th.
I feel like listening to some Hardcore Enka.
show me messages from grandson Sergio
Skip to two minutes into this song.
Remind me to pay the phone bill before next week
Did Mel graduate from college?
Will it be raining on Sunday afternoon at 3pm?
can you setup an alarm for Friday at 9am
set an alarm for Wednesday at 4:20pm
Set a reminder for my 1030 appointment on Monday one hour ahead
delete all future reminders about swim class
What's the weather in San Francisco today
add 15 minutes to my 6pm timer
Set alarm to eat lunch.
I want to know what the weather forecast is
Steps to make collard greens
How's the weather the rest of this week?
message Ronnie and see if i have left my keys at here place.
I NEED A TIMER DURING THE TASK
PLEASE GIVE ME THE WORLD NEWS.
Email listed for Jane Torrison
did i create a reminder for tuesday
play Digistorm station on iheartradio
List all my reminders for today
call Remi Vega in Whatsapp video chat
show me top music news
How long should i marinate this
News update, please
Play top rock songs of the moment.
The weather in Liverpool
reset my timer
set one day prior reminder for my doctor appoinment
Ask Robin if her and Darren are still going to the concert.
What timers do i have running
I need to be reminded to purchase text books for Friday at noon.
Hook up group-family
what does the weather look like for the next 10 days
Things to do in Austell, Georgia
Replay the last song two more times
Please add in Nickole Vasquiz
Tell me the weather for Monday next week.
Play some beatles
set a dinnertime alarm for 7 pm tomorrow
resume the plank timer
Music event this weekend at Kirkland
How long do I cook beef for
Create a video message to send to Aunt Jamie for her birthday.
Reset all timers.
Turn off my nap alarm.
set the reminder to buy the book club book to two weeks ahead of time instead of three weeks ahead of time
play Con Calma by Disclosure
call Ariah 's mom
How much trans fat is in a Twinkie
Play me two songs from the 80's
add the singer of this song to my favorite
Find a recipe using a ham
What is the temp in Idaho right now?
make a reminder to take out the trash
Any softball matches
can you delete the alert for my dentist appointment tomorrow
what flavour of ice cream can I make with fruits
top stories about new york city
can you call Matthew Mckee using WhatsApp
Give me the details on that man shot in the head on Facebook live
restart timer please
What is Steven's address?
Sports events this week in North Lake Tahoe
Li's home address
Answer Mary's call
Remind me to mail income tax audit.
Share the forecast for this weekend.
do i have any reminders for today?
reply with the WhatsApp video message
Text my girlfriend and tell her how beautiful she looked at TJC today
Remind me about my doctor appointment tomorrow at 9AM.
are there thunder storms on the forecast this weekend
Can you pull up all Jamie's school reminders for this week?
call photography friends on Messenger
What wine goes best with Garlic salmon
What are the hottest European news today
What is today's temperature?
Please read details of Usher's lawsuit.
is there meat in bolognese
Has Anne sent me anything on WhatsApp
I'm unavailable now
rsvp interested for  Plate by Plate
Remind me to transfer the money to pay Lowe's bill on the first
remind me to call my father for fathers day
call Christina
Take  away the reminders about music classes.
how much hot sauce is needed in hot wings
Who is Scaramucci
How many birthdays are on January 18th, 1967?
What is the ingredients for vegetable soup
What will the weather be this Wednesday evening?
Remind Brady and Jackson that we need to leave at 3; alert them an hour before.
i would like to message John that message on Messenger
Message my nephew to tell my mom about Toronto's weather tomorrow.
Start video call with stepsons
have my setting set to available please
remind me in three years to schedule a pap smear
Replay the song from the beginning
who's free
How much rain are we supposed to get today?
I'd like to call Lucia Claire Guerra
Create alarms for 6am and 7am tomorrow
Weather Ukraine
Give me weather information for Spain
call my grandma through whatsapp
what is the news in london today
I need a timer.
Make alarm my work alarm.
please add 24 minutes to the Laundry soaking timer
Read me all my reminders from Wednesday.
call Joseph four
How,do I make my cookies moist
I need you to call Mr Brown
Set a new alarm for every Monday at 8am
Whats the best way to cook hot dogs
What's the forecast for the tennis at Wimbledon tomorrow
Has Martin Sheen won an Oscar?
Show me the forecast for new york over halloween.
What is Mel's highest level of education?
Add this song to my favorites
what is it like outside
please call family group
Clear my alarms
display my call history from today please
show me the available ones
Remind to buy eggs tomorrow
Forecast for the July long weekend
Read Fox News headlines
I'm looking for someone that works at Sonic.
What is the forecast for Melbourne?
subtract 17 minutes from my Oven timer
blueberry pancake recipe
Where's the second event at?
birthdays this month
Is there any tennis match tomorrow night
what is the expected weather in spokane for tuesday evening
News on food
Remind me of my interview on Monday morning
Add second timer for 35 minutes
call the last Lisa
Events in Charleston
I'd like to call with my cousins Ashlyn, Linda, Chloe, and Angel on Whatsapp
How long until my timer ends?
Set a reminder one week in advance of my anniversary
Can you tell me the weather in Texas
Who is Peter's employer?
Cancel my next reminder.
set up new timer
remind myself to get breakfast
What is the name of this song?
How long should I bake a pound cake
Events in Waco
find songs by kirk franklin
Can you call Raymond White Wright
Create an alarm for each day of the week
Temperature here tomorrow morning C
i would like to message that message to my parents
top stories fox news
Is hamburger and ground beef the same thing
Remind me to take the chicken out of the freezer at 11AM today.
Are we in a burn advisory
Set Wednesday Church reminder.
delete my reminder about autie lisa's birthday
I'm up
Remind me to call Dad
please set a 90 sec timer
shut off the ringing
Should I bring my sunscreen?
Who is Michael jordan
Reminder me one day before Judy's anniversary dinner.
create a playlist: Happy Drive
Massage dad telling him I will be 5 minutes late.
What will the weather be like in Sydney next Tuesday
Remind me to start cooking dinner in 10 minutes
What's the weather in New Zealand?
can I video message Everett
Remove reminder to email my son's school.
sound alarm at 01h00
What is today's reminder for?
what will be the temperature when i leave work tonight
When is my next reminder scheduled for?
who won the republican debate
call Ronald instead
Stop all alarms for the day
Tell me the top stories on CNN
news on isis
I need to give my dad a call
How do you make Pho
will my sneakers be OK for walking in the snow today
skip 5 songs ahead
Call family group
Please tell me how much time is left on the timer.
How long does it take to bake an apple pie
repeat alarm monday through friday only
who is Kathy's husband?
Remind me to call my sister tomorrow at 5:00.
What reminders do I have set?
Can you add in Reva Radomski ?
on whatsapp call Ann Pennington's cell
please call Edgar Lucas right away
Add another 10 minutes to my timer
Can you please record a video message for wife?
how about that forecast
name this tune
Terminate alarm
Reset my reminder for the doctor on Tuesday the 8th
How warm is it around San Francisco in degree c
get time left on the Workout timer
how to make chicken alfredo
Has there been any recent news about Barack Obama?
Who did Trump just fire?
Call Jeremy
Set alarm for 10am every Monday
I want you to include manager in the call
looking for fun stuff to do tonight around 6pm tonight,
Can I listen to She Got the Best of Me
How cold is it tonight around Paris degree Celcius
Send a reminder to DreAnna about our nail appointment on Sunday.
put up one timer for 17 minutes and a second for 1628 seconds and a third for 8 minutes
who died during the rally
Set a reminder to pick up seed at 10am Thursday.
What is the weather next week in Brazil?
Add Stephanie to this call.
I need to call the dentist back to reschedule Cindy's exam; can you remind me at noon tomorrow?
Pause the timer set
I want to see some more events that are family friendly
reply to the udacity group with video message
is monday to be cloudy
I want to listen to selena gomez
How many carbs in a quarter pound cheeseburger
Begin recording a video message for my mother
Give me information about Ahmed?
is there rain forecast for tonight
play Lil Yachty
any new headlines
Is my son available for a video chat now?
please display my friends application
set timer for 90 min
hey, call Bob for me?
I would like you to show me more events
Start a new message to my aunt and ask her her location
I want to start up a video call with Cheyenne Reynolds and Wesley Hopkins
Restart timer in 15 minutes
New alarm 8am
Find recent stories about Zeke Elliot
Video call Bob.
Play old time gospel
Message Dennis and thank him very much for wishing me a happy birthday.
List friends of Butch
remind Travis and Trish that we are doing lunch tomorrow
What is my reminder for lunch with Kimmie?
List everyone I know online.
Pull up Mr. Elvert Aunts birthdays on the screen
what's an easy wedding soup recipe
Tell me about April
Increase timer after 10 min
Remind me to do a workout video at 2pm this afternoon.
please set my alarm to 6:30 am
Show me all headlines about New England sports
How much sugar do I use in the french toast
Set an alarm for 7am Monday through Friday.
Reset my second timer
is my timer still going?
Ring at 5pm
text Dylan saying Okay sweet
What are the best preforming stocks right now
Skip this song again please
I'd like to call with my cousins Hailey, Gerald, Maximilian, and Kristina on Wechat
show me my macaroni timer
Message Betsy to say I am going to be late
message everyone that i might be about ten minutes late
what is the name of this album
what is on the news in finland
Set recurring alarm from 1 PM daily
What time will it start raining today?
delete my reminder to go grocery shopping tomorrow
Where does Kenny live in Washington?
Do I have to let it cool off first
quit this alarm
How big is the hail that is expected
remind me a day before alekss birthday
set an alarm for 5h00
when is my alarm going off next
I'd like to call King Emanuel Perez
whats going on friday night
How do I make a Bolognese Sauce
What is the temperature in the house?
Remind me to pick up the car from Stan on Thursday at 7:15.
Set a reminder for me to book our rental car for vacation by the end of the week.
Commentary from local news on todays ravens game
when is my reminder for coffee with Alex
when is the alarm set to go off
Create an alarm for 2pm
call Kellee Aguino 's spouse
Delete the reminder to pick up flowers next week.
respond maybe to Eat Drink Play Los Gatos
Where does Miguel live?
Is snow predicted in Boston next week
How many slices are in a large pizza pie
Tell me where Kim lives
forecast for Wells next the Sea
display my Facebook video messages
Remind the marketing team to meet in the conference room tomorrow at 9 am.
Show my reminders for tomorrow
Add to my dinner reminder an alert to take my pills
Whats the weather like in New Zealand?
One hour for alarm
message Eric, Paul and Dan something that says are you free
Let Belinda know I'll be watching her children on Friday night
please read the details about taylor swift court trial
Ring Mom.
set alarm every 5 minutes
please start call with all of my friends
won't you remind me of my alarms please
I need the weather for Bradford on Avon
I need most recent news update
Update me on the weather for the next 5 days
something to do
will be hot Tuesday
call my Whatsapp contact Alexa Delgado
what is the recipe for banana bread
Set alarm for 4 am
Give me news of the day.
I need a news update
Can you set my workout timer?
persons working at Menlo park.
I want you to message Ana and let her know I liked her recent post on gardens.
set time number 5 for 30 mins
Remove reminder for my television appearance this Friday at 6pm.
set up a reminder to call school for a meeting about my children.
Call my nephews in Tucson
Friends of margaret
Remind me to buy garlic today at 5 pm.
How much time is left on the cookie timer
Is the weather going to be any good in Vegas on the 16th?
tomorrow's events
whats up in milwaukee next week
Show Maragret Kopriva sisters in law birthdays
Play Moon Hooch's first album.
who's playing right now
remind me about the meeting on monday at 5 am
I need you to find Mateo for me
May I know how the weather looks like in next 2 days
Make alarm for Wednesdays at 6
call Marry Bekerman 's daughter
switch my alarm on for 10am
Status: unavailable
Tell me what weather to expect in New Zealand.
What time did Brendan video chat me?
Set up reminder to send thank you notes out next week
Does Kathie still live on Riverview Street?
grab messages from girlfriend Adriel
show me dinner meeting(s) reminder
Please call John
what friends live in philadelphia
Please call Jane
remind me to start dinner at 5:00 pm today
Tell me about what Jeremy likes.
i want to know the forecast for 9am
Bring Glenda into our call
take 11 minutes off the timer
please add sharon to call now
Concerts in Fort Collins
Anything to do in Miami
View all alarms
When did Joyce graduate from UTC?
Can you call aunt?
Is there any news of the fire in my neighborhood?
Call Key.
Set reminder for walking the dog
for which company does John work ?
What areas had the worst flooding yesterday?
Tell me how old Mary is.
What is my next reminder for the next hair color appointment?
Message Fiona that the usher training is at the Von Braun Center on August 15.
set an alarm for 402
Delete the reminder to call Collin
Who works at Xerox?
Do I have an alarm for Wednesday?
Give me the news from The New York Times
Update all of this week's swimming reminders.
When did John quit working at IBM?
Show me the weather for next Monday and Tuesday
mark me as interested for the fourth event
events on Sunday
How many of my friends live in Metairie?
Find me a recipe for sugar cookies
Can you remind me to send flowers to Geno funeral?
Set a timer for 24 minutes
what is the actual percentage of voter fraud
can you send Sparks via WhatsApp that talk to you later
Timer will start now
get me my nephew Kortney Houghland
Turn on the '80's station
What's Trump's view about Venezuela issues
Message Pizza Hut and let them know I will be there in 5 minutes.
modify reminder for next recording
Will it rain in Westlake today?
Please set amazon music as my music app
Read the most recent celebrity news headline about Taylor Swift
Remind me to buy a present for Cheryl's party.
play me a pop song
ask Steve when he's leaving.
who on my friend's list has attended USM
is there a reminder set for christmas shopping
Let's make a phone call with Design Code group on Line
Message Lisa and ask what time she wants to leave for the concert on Sunday
Who is from Boston?
call Horace Tyler
Alarm on for tomorrow.
who is online now
set weekly alarm for 7am
Alexa remind me this weekend that I have to delete spam emails from my email box.
Festivals in Raleigh next month
Show me Whitelaw Grandparents birthdays
how much is left on my last timer
What are the headlines for the New York Times?
Please read details on last night's Rachel Maddow show
Hang up the audio call
Things to do in Greeneville, SC
Play the new Eminem album
call Lennon in Whatsapp video chat
give me a news update on crime in jersey city
I want to see some more events that are dog friendly
What kind of pan do I need for brownies
show me easy healthy slow cooker recipes
Restart my previous timer
when is the winter coming in the city
Will there be a storm soon
how long do you cook a 5 pound turkey
Call my cousins
Who works at Mansoura university
What's the protein content of a burger
what reminders do I have for friday
Cancel the alert for lunch this Sunday
Who do I know that lives in New York City?
Message Jb to find out what time the Kevin Hart show starts.
forecast
Find ukulele music.
how much salt is needed for vegetable soup
How do I melt butter
call Daniel number two
set my snooze alarm for 1 hour
Find a recipe for crab soup
dial Matthew right away
Has the coworkers group messaged me since Tuesday
what was the high yesterday
Delete the reminder to have a meeting about my friends bridal shower tomorrow.
play only mellow listening tunes
Please play 2Pac on Apple Music
Don't pick this one up
Don't play any songs with parental advisories
what are the ingredients needed to make crab cakes
I would like to send the WhatsApp message
Can you please add in Shaniqua Kimmer?
call Gonzales and Chavez
Play Queen.
Set alarm for 6:30am
call Lorelei Weyers facetime
how much precipitation is there today
What are sky news top stories?
play the next song in the queue
call the third Emma
What is happening in Eugene this weekend
What kind of event is Burning Man?
Decrease timer by 15 minutes
Remind me to call Annette tomorrow at 6:30p for credit card money
call Daniella Hartman right away
Who graduated from Berkely?
give me a update on china's news
is it still drought warnings in the area?
How do I make Hummus
Put my friends upcoming birthdays on the screen
What sports match can I go to in February
Let me doze for 5 mins please
leave and go to new call
call Whatsapp Selah
how do you cook pasta
Tell me the reminder about Michael
Tell me about the latest news in science
i need to add a contact to this call
Tell me who works at Cheesecake Factory?
List the concerts in San Franscisco for next week
Play James Arthur's album for me.
What are my reminders for this weekend
Any news on construction in White House?
What is the best way to cook fish
Did John finish high school?
is it raining today
do I need to wear a coat later today?
What is the latest news on the white supremacist protest
recent headlines on the New York Times please
please show anyone available
What sporting events are happening in Trenton in the next month
Would you please send video message to Dan via Messenger
What is the current weather in Los Angeles?
Delete my meeting reminder today
How long do I bake lasagna
I don't want to forget to color my hair
How much longer do I have
what temperature is steak cooked at
Message Mason to meet in the lobby
Remind me that my daughter has a concert Wednesday night at 7 pm
Start up a video call Kaleb Crane and Orlando Haney
How old is Kyle
any news about obama
How long until the current alarm goes off?
what is happening this week
Make an alarm for tomorrow night
is this a new song
Whats a good recipe for keto diet dishes
any exciting news today
What's the forecast for the next 10 days?
does Keanu Reeves live in L.A.
I don't really like fitness
Set alarm for 5 pm tonight.
Please read Roanoke news headlines.
Play anything by Pentatonix.
Temperature to cook ham
Set a timer for 8 PM on Mondays for Bachelorette showings
Things to do in Castro Valley this month
delete the timer in an hour
Please play my gospel playlist
make a conference call between me, shelly and ronald
show all on the available list please
text Josh Wu and Debbie that talk to you later
call Steve number one
call detective
can you leave Madelyn a video recording for now
Add another 5 minutes
Parties in New York
What side of town does my exboyfriend Sam currently live on?
turn off tv timer
play r and b music
please end call
News Headlines
what do i need to make green sauce
I need an alarm setting to wake me up tomorrow
concerts in boston this month
weather forecast for Medlar with Wesham
Play the newest Kanye West song
make a call to Ian's girlfriend Joseph Best
Start timing my exercise
Find me news from New York City
Tell me the weather for Chicago on Tuesday
What is al dente
When was the last time I had a video call with John?
How old will John be this year?
Did Lisa finish her degree at the University of Alabama
call Theresa
What's the temperature high for the day?
i would like to message it to Fred on Facebook
please message the grandparents thread on my way
Record a video message for spouse.
What will the weather be on Christmas day
Do I have much time left on the timer
do I have friends online at this time?
What kind of event is Trash Party?
Play popular music from last year
What are my upcoming alarms
How many calories are there in 2 cups of Greek yogurt with a cup of fresh blueberries
how much time is left on my second timer
giving Jackson Sherman a call
Play Led Zeppelin.
How old is Kus?
Set timer for 33 minutes and remind.
What degree did Lily get?
Set an alarm every 3 minutes for 15 minutes.
call Brad
call Dennis two
What is happening tonight in Chicago
please play some romantic music
I want to record a video message for Karissa Nienow with that recipe instruction
Timer pause please.
lets see video messages from my life partner
What reminders do i have set up for work this week?
Remind me to mail out Tommy's birthday card tomorrow.
Kielbasa recipe with turkey sausage.
Set my alarm for every half hour
Remind me to pack my scarf tonight.
Can you read me the latest updates on the article
Is Shelby online?
what is the calories in a scoop of ice cream
let me hear Tchaikovsky on spotify
set an alarm for 7 tomorrow
How hot is it this weekend in Manila in degree F
Show me my reminders for my get-together with Monique.
can you leave Ember a video recording for now
Send group reminder to list any allergies anyone has who is coming to the birthday party
How much time until I have to arise?
I wanna please show the friends on the screen
Has my siblings sent me anything
Who is Mark's friend Henry
Remind me to pick up Evelyn at 4
Have alarms set on Tuesdays for 9:30pm and 8am, repeat for the next 6 months
call Miss Ruben Segouia 's spouse
Cancel the reminder to do 50 sit-ups today.
weather forecast please
play Bob Marley
Set up a reminder to video chat my husband tonight at 10pm
How many albums are there by The Judds?
Please call Bradley and Gianna
Set an alarm for 12pm every Friday
message calli that the traffic on I 4 is at a standstill so i will be late meeting her at Universal Studios
Please answer the call from Susan.
Remind me to order that book tomorrow before 11am
Can you let mom and dad know I want to take them to the concert Friday.
switch to different call, hang up current
Can you tell me if I have any missed calls please?
Please modify my dental appointment reminder for tomorrow until next Wednesday
I need gas; can you remind me to get some?
Send me reminders about dad's appointments
set alarm every hour for 12 hours
read the recent news headlines for CT
Remind me to get bread tonight
i want to call Laura Ray Donaldson
How old is Tammy?
Any big news headlines today?
start family group call
when did boss ring me
play a song by abba
Let me know all the weekend reminders i set up for the next month
how much rain did we get
Add 30 minutes to timer set for Tuesday at 5 pm.
any big financial news
Parties going on tomorrow
Create an alarm for the 5.55 and 6am this Thursday
How much time is left before the next interval
what time is the school concert
Please remind me to attend the conference call today at 11am.
Quit this call.
generate an alarm on the may 5th
How do I make Lasagna
What do I put in Texas tacos
Make an alarm for December 25th at 12am.
Can shorts be worn this afternoon?
Is the timer paused?
Was anybody hurt at the protest in Virginia
Cancel all of Fridays reminders.
Add mum into the call
Find me the best cheesecake recipe
Pause my timer.
What is the weather looking like for the 15th June?
Does Trevor turn 18 tomorrow?
currently unavailable
call Gracelyn 's cousin
ingredients in pizza dough
Will the realtor help me find an apartment or only a house? Remind me to ask her.
Things to do in Cincinnati next weekend
shut up alarm
List Luisa D. Kauk cousins upcoming birthdays
The roast is not done, update reminder for 30 more minutes
how much time do i have left for this task
Set alarm daily at 7pm.
online friends
show me recipes with lemon grass
message sean that the party starts at 2 on sunday
Daytona events in December
play the album X (Japan Version) on iheartradio
What should I put in my macaroni and cheese
How do you convert fresh spice in a recipe to dried spice
Will it rain anytime next week
Top news of 2017
set up an alarm for 6:50am
delete all wedding reminders from jenna
Do I know anyone who went to Michigan state
Is Kelly Rolland married?
details on the North Korea and Trump situation
read news from crime tracker 10
delete the reminder to practice my handstands
Whose birthday is coming up?
How warm is it in Ocean City
call Mia, Kyra, Alan and Noe on Hangouts
call Javier Ponce whatsapp video
What reminders do I have for the 20th?
Insta username for Hailey Sharmours
turn off this video call for me
Can I see my alarms?
Do I know anyone who graduated from NIU?
Set alarm to go off every 10 minutes for 1 hour
am i going to need a jacket today
set an alarm for 1:30pm
Should I wear sunscreen
play more songs from this album
How warm is it for Dehli tonight degree fahrenheit
let me know the weather for the whole week
Get rid of the reminder to pick up my package, they already sent it to my door
Which family members are online?
End current call, start new call
Set an alert for 20 minutes from now in case I fall asleep while working.
Start playing Pandora.
Alert me 5 minutes before my lunch reminder for today.
more music like this
Place a call Personal Finance
play last song again please
cancel track loop
how do I make homemade ice cream
What are the top stories in economy today
Shush please
Play Son Cubano music now
Remind me to add bottled water to grocery list.
can you send Joe on Facebook a message saying on my way
what is the major headline for my area
how long to cook noodles
what is breaking news on cnn
Stop the timer and add 8 minutes to it.
Show my reminders please
Edit my reminder to contact United Healthcare to Friday.
how long do i cook frozen lasagna
Tell me  who works at the DMV
Can you call John Miller House
I want to see information about recent developments in Africa
Will you set an alarm for December 2nd at 4 am?
Play Troye Sivan on Pandora
Show my locationreminder for Trucks & Travel meet up on Saturday.
Tell me what reminders I have set for the last two weeks of December?
any updates on the news
Is anyone I know going to Adventures in Storytelling?
set alarm for 5:30am
Please Call Grandma.
remove song to my playlist
Initiate a call with drama nerds
When does the sun go down today
give me a new alarm for 2460
What is the current breaking news story about
Can you remove all reminders for the rest of the day
Messenger call to Jade Nelson
What is the average temperature in Hawaii
did anyone go to Pitt
Can you play the next song please
Show me top pictures from todays headlines
Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Gran Canaria please
now keep all music from repeating
Play Hollywood Undead.
Set countdown for 1 minute, remind me 10 seconds before end of countdown
send Duane Reade the WhatsApp text
Read me all the news stories on Kanye West recently
Current news on the Mets
Find me recipes for pork loin
Latest celebrity news
Can I leave my windows open
What is the low temp today
Play Mo Bamba, The 1975, please.
Find the best recipe for ribs
Who has a birthday on May 5th, 1941?
Do you have some more car shows
Start the timer again, please
turn of my alarms
Update me on the breaking news
Restart jogging timer now
What are the top stories on Fox News>
I need an alarm for Friday
how many calories are in a meatball
who lives in atlantic city
create one timer for 15 minutes and a second timer for 15 minutes
Cancel my reminder about the conference
play me Red by taylor swift
Remind me tomorrow to call Josh and go over our plans.
remind aaliyah and alicia to leave at 3pm for practice, alert them 10mins before.
what's the good news
How do you make sushi at home
when is tornado season in Florida?
how long do you cook pork
What's cool in the Bay Area this month
Most popular pork recipes
Play Whitney Houston's greatest hits
could you call the friend of Catherine
I am trying to find out who Jerry is
Create alarm for 4:00 AM
I would like to send a Messenger message
what will the weather be doing in London next weekend?
Can you play Sabotage by Beastie Boys?
What's the latest news from NASA
Were any of Alessandra U Uncles born tomorrow?
remind mandy to leave at 11; alert her 30 mins before
play Duran Duran on iheartradio
Update my alarm at 11 a.m.
set up reminders one day in advance for all of my existing appts
Show my reminder for this meeting
Set up a reminder to wash clothes.
Tell me all the reminders I have for tomorrow.
can you send the work buddies thread
events in portland please
anything fun happening this month
please record a video message for Lindsie and Carla Nguyen
call my Whatsapp contact Finn Crawford
what will the temperature be in celsius today
Call Nehemiah Trevor Peck now
I want to phone Susan
What is happening in the news today?
Deleted all set alarms for this week
Send a message to Carol the dance ends at 11pm.
How hot does Los Angeles get in September?
tell me what sporting events are in Cincinnati next weekend
What concerts are there in Febuary
let me know who is online
When should I expect to see the reminder for my brothers science club meeting?
Resume the music.
How warm is it around Madrid tomorrow in degree Fahrenheit
Set my status to available
how many carbs is in capellini primavera
show friends of Juan
set me an alarm for today
Remind me about hair appointment
set a timer for 6 minutes
Set up a reminder for jogging tonight.
What temperature should I roast a chicken
What kind of meat is the most tender
create an alarm today at midnight
What is the weather like in Japan right now?
Remind me to call University Oaks about the application at 6 pm.
please play some Latin or meringue music
Call my grandpa at work
How to make baby food
Show me reminders for mom next Saturday
how many calories does Chicken adobo have
Show my husband's reminder.
i'd like to touch base with Deandre Fletcher
What temperature do you bake an apple pie on
What year was this released
make for me an alarm for 21 minutes from now
start a call with Jane using WhatsApp
whatsapp video call Lucy Hoffman
can you dial Leila on Messenger
Recipes for leftover brisket
can you set a timer for 30 minutes
Add timer for baking cookies and set it for 11 minutes
Set a reminder for the Liz to pick up Charley before going to the dance rehearsal
Give thumbs up
who graduated from michigan
Send Shirley message to wait 10 minutes and we arrive soon
can you set a timer for 5 minutes please
Remind me to cancel my ancestry membership six months from now
send message to kids that i am on my way back
Set a timer for 3 minutes
general news today
play the eagles greatest hits
Set recurring alarm for weekdays at noon.
Remind me to pick up ice on Saturday at 9am
set a timer for 7 minutes
i need a recipe for baked ziti
Please skip to the next track.
Add Kelly to the video call please
Pause my timer for me
don't play songs by justin bieber
set a reminder for employee party saturday evening at 8
Remind me to take my meds at 10 pm
WHAT ARE THE TOP LOCAL NEWS STORIES
play WBKS radio
Make an alarm for 3pm on June 7
Does Sam Perez live in Fort Worth?
how much time is left on the oven timer
can you mute the timer
what ingredients are in shortbread
show me events I RSVPd maybe to
Remind to meet my sister for Dinner Tuesday at 7p.
Interrogate friend list of Melanie for contacts.
What is the headline for NBC News?
What is the weather forecast in Toronto
Jerry sounds interesting, who is he?
Recipe for chicken tacos
i need a few alarms to go off for me on Friday at 12pm and 1pm
News about the protests in Virginia
Can you tell me a weather update for Charlotte
Make an alarm at 9 and one at 10
Please alert me at 1pm on Friday the 13th
Snooze
update reminder for fish market grand opening from 5-10 pm
Is the weather going to be good at the beach
What are the news highlights from this weekend?
Add my auntie to this call.
Show me the news from The Guardian
Begin video call with Lucy, Benji, Jose, and Ben on Messenger
Did any of my friends go to A&M?
Will I need to bring a jacket?
Who went to Boston University?
Start call with sara please
Create an alarm at 3pm for the next 4 weekends
What is the current news in Washington DC
call Stephanie from my Whatsapp contacts
Who do I know lives in Rome?
fine me similar tracks
Add an hour to my timer.
what are the latest headlines?
Start a timer now and end in 15 minutes
How much time do I have left on my sleep timer?
Does Judy work at Google
open iheart radio and play Save Tonight
Play the Beatle's top ten songs
do i know people who work at npl
Send invite to Mom for this call
I need to email the accountant tomorrow; can you remind me tonight?
How's the temperature outside?
List of Taylor Swift albums
create alarm for 1235
call my Prayer group
Please give me the latest news update.
Temperature tomorrow morning for Karachi C
does hanna still live in charleston
Replay the song from the beginning.
Give me newest story on NBC
Add 30 more minutes to my timer
Music events in West Palm Beach this weekend
Are there any lacrosse matches today
Pause timer until I get back on the track
latest north korea news
What is the best mashed potato recipe
Change my entire alarm list
cease this conversation
please switch me to the other phone call
What's the forecast for next Monday?
send a message to Cris to let him know that it is exactly 50 miles from Barre to White River Junction
what fun events are there in Tampa next weekend
send Sarah on Facebook a message saying are you free
change my status to not going for this event
i want the video call answered
will the storm hit me
Please create an alarm for June 2nd at 10:00 am to go to the skating rink.
Can you give me more details about the election
Delete my cooking timer.
What type of event is C-ID Night Market?
I see someone online, who is he?
How old will Bill be on his birthday next year?
events in NYC
Any recent news about local store closures?
Set football alarm for sundays at 1pm
give me time remaining
How did Glen Miller die
Sports events this week in Atlatna
Switch to video call.
Give me the forecast for 6 days time
news on obamacare repeal
Is there a lightning delay?
What's the weather forecast for County Kerry?
call Cody Gill on Messenger
What time is the parade tomorrow in Austin
Are there any hurricanes in the news
Wake me up at 7am please.
Get a reminder for my family reunion on Monday at 7 am
What's the name of this track
call Adrian and Jayla Clarke
Message my son that my car broke down
I need a wake up alarm at 5 am
Is something fun happening this weekend
Remind Jackie that we need cups and the north house
summer recipes for grilling
Put on Lady Gaga's new album
Who do i know that graduated from Piper
Create video call for me Reagan, Charles, and Alina
What are the sports headlines from Yahoo ?
Show me weather for noon
what is the latest in U.S. news
Has Mikey sent me anything on Facebook
how do I make noodles
I need another minute set please
Shuffle my favorites.
Let the people in the painting event that I am running a little behind
Comedy shows in Vegas next week
How long does it take to make lasagna
message eric and ask him when the next time he is going to catalyst gym is
Open google play and play Amy Grant
video call dad and jill
What concerts are happening in the South
What is the current wind chill?
can you please send video message to the yoga group
Remind me to leave for Special needs luncheon in Fairbanks Ranch at 11:30PT on September 6
Ring Russ
how do I make French toast
Remind me to submit my research paper by 8pm.
What's going on in Baltimore tonight
Inaccessible
give the uncle of Iker Khan a call
send message to kirk that there are 2 flights to oakland on tuesday
create alarm for me on thursday at 3
Recipe for chocolate chip cookies
not going to Paws to Party
tell me who is friends with cole
Tell me how to make gooey brownies
Would you freeze my sleeping beauty timer?
Is there fog in the forecast today?
call Moises my grandfather
Find me Bill's contacts.
Play Madonna greatest hits
listen to to the track Another brick on the wall on Spotify
How do I make candied yams
Find me a popular Greek recipe
calendar of events
What soccer matches are coming up tonight
Any football game coming up
Please read me the latest breaking news.
I want to wake up at 8am
I want to call Mary.
Can you skip the current track?
Phone Sana.
What is the weather going to be like in Austin today
Change cookie timer to 11 minutes
I want to hear that song again
what year did debbie start working for bath and body?
How many calories in a slice of Key Lime Pie
How hot do I cook pork
Set baking timer for 45 minutes
Create alarms 8pm and 11pm today
is it raining in Idaho today
whats he latest local news?
chocolate chip muffin recipe
Delete the reminder to get my nails done today.
add that album to my playlist
at 7 in the evening, what can I expect the weather to be like in Australia
set the timer for 20 mins
U.S. Headline news
Can you set up a reminder to lock my garage door before I leave town.
What is the most popular event happening in Chicago
Set alarm for 9 am to catch the train
Which of Sharilyn U Neeley moms have birthdays coming up
Is Tina online now?
What is the latest news on Kevin Durant apology to India
can you record a video message for Tanner
please message the parents chat happy birthday
what are the details about the fire
Can you search for the weather on this  labour day ?
Drop out of conversation call
Remind me saturday to get the kids hair cut.
top local news please
How to make chicken curry
where does Courtney work?
Do any of my friends live in Milwaukee?
I didn't want to hear that song.
read me the details about Trump rolling out a probe into China
set alarm to remember to take my pills
BREAKFAST RECIPES
Set the playlist to repeat.
Play John Legend's latest album
Give my mom a ring
join nicole to this call
What can I make to go with the pork chops tonight
I want to group call all the friend.
Any news about Texas seceding from the union
Set reminder for calling teacher at 8 am on monday
Remind me I have a doctor's appointment next Wednesday
News happening in Washington DC?
does Chris live in Cleveland
INGREDIENTS IN CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
What kind of fruits are good for pie filling
playback that last song.
change my status to not going for Dia de los Muertos
What temperature should I bake chicken
Have any of my friends RSVPd yes to Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues?
lamb stew recipes please
Are there any tropical storms right now?
weather in celsius
What is Selena Gomez's new album
turn off my reminder to buy orange juice
who are friends of maged?
Message my brother that we need to be at the show early tomorrow.
The trial period is almost up on my eFax subscription; set a reminder to cancel service in two weeks.
Disconnect this call
What time is the work alarm set for
Who sang the last two songs?
delete all reminders.
Is rain in the forecast tomorrow in Denver?
Can you tell me the status of my timer?
i want to make poached eggs
shuffle Graduation (Explicit Version)
End the phone call
what temperature is roasted chicken cooked at
Link grandpa to the current active call
Remind me to pick up Makael's medication Friday.
Create and alarm for next Thursday at 2pm
call Zander Reyes with Messenger please
Set alarm for 7 am every day this month
Call Nick Joe Austin
make an alarm for today at 9pm
I need you to video message Isaac Ruben
Pull up Tiffaney Perona grand daughters birthdays on the screen
Remind me on July 28th to call Karen to wish her a happy birthday.
Message to Family the cancer charity event Swim Across America Denver is at Chatfield Reservoir.
set a timer for 15 minutes and start now
Remind Pixie to drop off her library books.
Tuesday about 3 PM I got a message from accounting relay that to me
SET THE ALARM FOR 15 MINUTES
repeat an alarm weekdays at 7pm from the 20th May
Erase the reminder I had to lunch on Sunday with Susie
please send Adnan and Steve message
reply to the exbox team chat with message
please call Richardson right away
How cold will it be at 5am?
How strong are the winds going to be?
What is Johns current status? Is he available online?
move my reminder for getting flowers for Lisa to Friday
get me messages from wife Ruben
Remind me to pick up dry cleaning
Will I need a winter jacket today?
How much cholesterol is in turkey
Who is working currently for Disney World?
set an alarm for every 10 minutes after 6 am
anything interesting in the news today?
set timer for 5 hours
Begin video call with my spouse Bryan, my spouse Tiara, my girlfriend Bridget, and my dad Wesley on Discord
Make recurring alarms for Sundays at 10am and at 2:00pm
call Terry Murray
Find me a recipe for gazpacho
Did any of my friends go to UTD?
what is the current news in washington?
How old is Floyd?
send a message to james saying I am following up from last week can we meet tomorrow
Minus 5 minutes from timer
send it to Ryan Bennett Watson
Is anyone I know online at the moment?
Please set alarm for 6am, 6:12am, and 6:30am.
any events in los angeles this coming weekend
dial uncle
What is the latest news in Syria?
how old is Peter?
mute countdown
Is it going to be below 75 in degrees F for New York tomorrow morning
call Leonardo my father
Start the next song
recipes to spruce up ramen noodles
set  alarm for 7 am tomorrow
Temperature today Fahrenheit
initiate call to sam
please show me available
Delete all my dinner plans reminders  set up for the next two weeks between the hours of 5 and 10pm
Add 5 minutes to my timer
what's cnn's top story
Has co workers chat sent me anything
tell me about today's local news
Recipe with cilantro in it
set recurring alarm that goes off at noon
Get all my reminders for vet appointments
set a timer for 55 minutes
delete preset alarm
Find Zac Brown Band's latest album
Sound alarm every 20 minutes
I want to listen to Nipsey Hussle on Pandora
Play Jeremy camp new single
Pause treadmill timer.
delete that last timer and tell me what is still running
what's the weather in Denver like today
Can you tell me 7-day-forecast?
Answer the call from Bryce
call Peyton Castaneda
call Jocelyn Mills in my Whatsapp contacts
What are the chances of a hurricane?
Alarms tomorrow?
Can you please repeat this song again?
when is it supposed to snow next
what is going on tonight
remind me to get dog food, chew bones and pizza at 4pm today
call Vena Deangelo Vranicar 's sibling
Show dominick grand children birthdays to me
please record a video message for Filby and Stephanie
How old is Liz?
give new details of political scandal
Make a call with my work friends group on Hangouts
Delete reminder to return library books.
make a call to 3895555049
Let me hear the latest album from Justin Timberlake
latest news on the election please
read me yesterday's headlines
Can you wake me at 7am
Do I have any friends in Tacoma?
Add new timer for 30 seconds.
I need an alarm that goes off on Wednesdays at 9am
DOES RATATOUILLE HAVE MEAT IN IT
Has the team chat messaged me in the past few days
Snooze for 40 minutes
play No Money on iHeartRadio
Friends who went to Tufts.
Read me the top trending news stories
What vegetables do I put in soup
Remind me to take in the trash cans tonight
set a timer for 11 minutes
Can I listen to The Weeknd's last album on Spotify
add Betty to the call now
Set alarm for 8pm every Friday
I want to hear aerosmith
what is the latest white house news
anything happening in Detroit this week
Read me my reminders for picking up my kids for after-school activities.
Set a reminder for Dad to meet me for tennis on Sunday at noon.
call Nicole and Sebastian
Will it be sunny or overcast?
Remind me to call my Mom on Sunday at 10 am.
Call my nieces
What baseball games are coming up Friday
are tornado conditions expected at all today
What to do in South Texas next week
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THIS SONG?
Did any of my friends go to Texas Wesleyan?
set alarm.
Remind me to go to doctor tomorrow
Is Alex available to call right now?
Keep this call and add my brother.
Set timer for an hour
Send a message asking Ian if he locked the door.
Add 30 minutes to timer
MY DAUGHTER HAS TO EAT AGAIN IN 4 HOURS, PLEASE SET A TIMER
Bring mom onto this call
Play Coldplay live album.
who graduated from usc
Snooze my alarms 1 hour
Remind me to pay rent on the 31st in the evening
Do I know anyone who went to WSU
Is nepal still flooded
what is happening in philadelphia tonight
remind me the take out the trash when I arrive at home
Stop timer, please
Call CC Ball for me
Set an alarm for Monday at 10 am to check the kids school schedule
how long should i bake the chocolate chip cookies
on whatsapp call Mackenzie
today's breaking news
Delete the reminder to pick up the kids tomorrow.
Play the rock playlist
Can you call Cade
Who have I called this week?
Place a call with musicians
Is Gina older than me
what's really in egg rolls
who is available on my list
call sister in law on speaker phone
wanna make a call to Brandon Saint
Play soft music
Did the reminder get set for gymnastics tuition
When did Patty graduate from Eastern Michigan
Message Michelle and tell her that we need to plan a girls night out.
Make an alarm go off tomorrow
Can you record video for Prince
Do I have any weekend reminders with Stephanie?
I want John in call now
how much time has passed
Please read me recent CNN headlines
set my status as not going for the third event
Do I know anyone who works at Concord Mills?
Set the alarm for 5 mins and 30 seconds
Snooze my alarm for 30 mins
Delete the reminder to make plan reservations for Christmas.
Is there any sports match in May
leave call please
Is it a good idea to go to the park
Show all of my reminders for the next two days
please switch me to the other line
make call to gerry
Remind me to get pots and pans today
Do any of my friends live in Phoenix Arizona
video message Ruben
Is it going to rain in the next two hours?
remind me of my appointment
Has Wallenby sent me anything via Facebook
Describe the current weather in Essex
can I listen to Thunder by Imagine Dragons on Spotify
rsvp interested for the second event
How do you cook chicken marsala
send it to Merilyn Lesniak
How long to reach the end of the timer?
How many pieces to cut into
let's call Catalina through WhatsApp
How much rain are we getting tonight
Set my wakeup alarm for 5pm
Find Akon's channel
things to do tonight in downtown Orlando
Do I know anyone who works at Google?
I need you to send a video message to my Steve.
alert me at 8am tuesday that need to pick up balloons
sound alarm at 2345
Tell me the temperature in celcius
how much time is left on my gym timer?
Will it be snowing in Vermont next week?
Did I miss any phone calls
Update timer 1 for 30 more seconds
Add 10 minutes to the current timer.
What does the 3 day forecast look like?
Delete that song on my playlist.
How long do I need to soak beans for
Make this a video call
London headlines please
use only google play for music
please tell me if it is sunny out
How warm is it outside?
Set timer to go off at dawn
The doctor canceled. Remove the reminder for Doctor appointment.
i want to call Patricia Anderson Wilson
set alarm at 10am every odd date
pause call and switch to new call
Remind me to check the oven in 30 minutes
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 4:30 am
Will you please put the timer setter for 10 minutes
add junior to call now
send a message to ryan telling him to meet me at sam's house
How many reminders do I have with AJ?
Did any of my friends attend Baylor?
Who's going to Brickpalooza?
dips for parties
What type of cheese is on pizza
Call Paul Wood
Play Don't Stop Me Now by Tee Grizzley
Update my reminders to call Rose to Friday at 4 pm MDT.
who are the artists on this album
Tell me any friends living in Atlanta.
How cold is it this weekend london degrees Celsius
How long should I cook my pasta
play the soundtrack to wicked
How much is Taylor Swift counter-suing for
Pause my existing timer please
Please set alarm for 5 am
how much did it rain during the flood last week
Remind me to call Vet to set our dogs annual appointments.
talk to Griffin Paul via WhatsApp
Remove reminder for my 6pm dinner date with Grace on Saturday.
Will I be okay with my thongs today?
repeat that last song
this is very important please remind me a few minutes before 10 pm to give my mom the nebulizer treatment
Delete reminders for this week from Friday through Sunday, please.
Is it raining in London when I land at 1 p.m. local time?
Set an alarm that goes off at 4am every Tuesday.
degrees outside
Initiate a video call with ping pong club
leave a video recording for Horacio Kazeck
Make a goodnight alarm for tonight
make a Thaw turkey timer
Are there any lacrosse matches this month
Please read the news headlines
Can you please play some Tupac?
is there anything important for the today's news
Temperature houston next week F
Read me today's breaking news
how should I weigh my ingredients for cake
Set myself as unavailable temporarily for mom
make an alarm for 950
Play reggae
Tell me about this song.
How many hours are left til alarm goes off?
Please play classic rock music.
Can you call to Los Angeles group
send it to Han Hoisington
Alarm off!
answer the call from my grandsons
when is my next rottweiler group reminder
What is the 10-day-forecast?
Remind me that my exam is due Sunday by midnight.
tell me the breaking news
Read the current news headlines please
Set an alarm for May 20th at 8.30am
what time does it start getting dark outside
Send a message to Heidi to bring 6 lbs of bacon to the Pancake fundraiser.
how to make street tacos
do i have a reminder set for tomorrow morning about the meeting in the afternoon?
Easy casserole recipes
What's in adobo seasoning
Set an alarm for every 2 minutes
find me some japanese recipe
Set reminder to pick up medications for 5pm tonight. Set reminder 5 minutes before.
It's my mom, send it to voicemail
Do I need to bring a jacket today?
does almond milk contain sodium
Am i going to be in a storm today?
News right now
Please wake me up at 9am on Thursday the 16th of May.
call Cassidy 's daughter
Clear all my reminders
Give me an alarm at 25 seconds
play worship playlist
call to 5550937  on Messenger
Whats happening in Vegas tonight
Is Donald Trump going to be impeached?
dial Audrey Banks, Francis Christensen, Shannon Vaughn, and Dorian Rhodes
Create alarms to go off at 10am and 2pm on Monday
anything cool happening in texas
How long has Shannon worked at her current job?
What time will it start raining this morning
Tell Pandora to play Something Just Like This
How's the Weather in South Yorkshire, England?
Remind me to talk to john about the party on august 5
remind me of the weather
tell me recent headlines on a trustworthy news outlet
How hot will heat index be tomorrow
is it below freezing today?
call Sueann Chestand 's mom
How long do you have to cook pork marsala
i am available all day
Message I'm going home and staying home.
Show those available
Show me the weather in France
show me Ben Harper's mom
Can you begin recording a video message for my husband
cnn live
Set a new alarm now for school
Set the timer for 5 minutes
time me for the next 20 minutes
Find me football games in Milwaukee Tuesday
What kind of event is Paws to Party?
Reschedule the dinner reminder with Tracy to next Monday.
set an alarm every five minutes for the next 2 hours
I want to call Savion through WhatsApp
I want to listen to Meek Mill's newest album.
Start an video call with Visual Arts
Read details about recent terrorist activity
Is Chris over 45?
Any travel delay news today?
Please read the details about Beyonce's newborn babies.
End my current call with Petco.
Remind me about the party this weekend.
start the timer over
Does chicken pad thai have peanuts in it
please set an alarm for 4:30 am tomorrow
I want to hear Foreigner's greatest hits
Give me news updates for Fort Lauderdale
what is the latest news on the north korea missel crisis
Set a timer for a minute and a half
Who sung the last song?
I have a webinar at 6 today, can you set an alert for 15 minutes earlier?
Easy pasta recipes
How many reminders are scheduled for tomorrow?
Set alarm to go off every 20 minutes.
Show me texts from Patrick via WhatsApp
phone Emilia Morse
do I have any friends in Mexico?
Reset timer for workout.
clear all of my reminders
How many songs on this CD?
Message Lori to meet me near the escalator.
create a reminder to call my mom for her birthday
can you tell me the most recent news stories
Weather in Texas, please.
could you message a video
set an alarm for 4 years
Remind me to send out 5 emails to the accounting department regarding the purchase of new tech equipment
WhatsApp call to Reid Riddle
When is it supposed to get over 80 this week?
hold this call with Kaitlyn for 10 seconds
Do you know where my friend Jerry works?
What is fun to do in Syracuse
Middle Eastern news update headlines
play Thunderstorms on Spotify
Will you replay the last song
Set an alarm for every minute for 15 minutes.
What reminders do I have for Peter's birthday party next week?
Is Paul online at the moment?
i have to meet Oscar for dinner tonight - can you alert me at 5pm
How is the weather in Ireland today?
i want to call 847-555-2737  using my Pixel
Remind me in an hour to call mom
What are todays news headlines
video call jenn now please
cancel next 2 alarms
I am currently unavailable
IS THERE A REMINDER FOR CHECKING CELL PHONE DATA USAGE?
Make an alarm this Thursday at 0800.
Play music that will put a baby to sleep
read me the recent news headlines now
send that video to Debbie, Mary, and Bridget
What is the latest local news
play WKOW on iheartradio
I would like to message the video to Max.
can you show local paper news
please repeat song
Are there dinner reminders for next week
What should I add to cake mix
Should i wear snow boots?
call Dallas Curtis with Skype
How do I cook salmon
can you give me more details about dead stuck whale to bow of princess cruise ship
Who graduated from Indiana University?
Nate's friends
Family group call please
I'd like to call Sawyer Autumn Lowery
please send my family message
Who is Taylor Swift?
Are any of my family online?
I need to know the friends of George
wake me up in two hours
How many birthdays are in August?
Turn on my alarm
i would like to message the bandmates thread message
I will be meeting my school friend Kate after many years next Friday evening at 5pm. Can you please set up a reminder to remind me about it Bot?
Give me the ingredients for sugar cookies
Hey bot what will the weather be like this Sunday evening in Manchester
Snooze alarm for every 5 minutes.
Set a reminder for me to pick up a suit at 11 am tomorrow
I want to listen to some hip hop and R&B
What is the weather in Edison at 10 am?
Things to do In Miami
What is the verdict of the murder trial
I need a reminder to get the car oil changed today.
okay don't pick up
Remind me to pick up groceries tomorrow
unlike this music
Set up a reminder for my sister to visit Adam at 5 pm tomorrow.
give Alexa Delgado's friend a call
Remind me to call the doctor tomorrow
How many calories are in a slice of Apple pie
Call A Gates for me
Remind me to pay the electric bill on Sunday
Resume playing music.
How much has it rained in England this past week?
Hang up on this current call.
How much milk to use to make eggs fluffy
Where does Will live?
Message GrayCee and tell her Mack is coming too.
How much pork do I need to make baked pork for 5 people
create a timer for 10 min
display my laundry soaking timer
Things to do in Gresham
Remind me to email Susanne about the party on Saturday.
What events are happening in Los Angeles today
Add 30 seconds more
news about derek jeters wedding
Do any of my friends live in Anchorage?
Will it rain today in Osaka?
Delete the reminder for the driving license renewal
Tomorrow I need you to set me a reminder at 8 am I know what I'll do
how long before the alarm goes off?
Set a weekly alarm for Thursdays at 5
is there anything in my reminders
send a video message to Kimberly Paul Hendrix
use mainly deezer
add stepsister to this call
can I bake bread in an instant pot
Remove the reminder to buy flowers for Jeremy's birthday on Friday.
Bot play the news related to the storm hit NYC
check current news
START THIS SONG OVER PLEASE
New reminder to register car.
Can you add Jada to this call with Z?
is it a good idea to wear a jumper today
ring up nephew
update my reminder for piano lessons to wednesday
open google play and play The First Five
Please play Metallica's newest song on Spotify.
How do I make Shrimp Scampi
get me texts from Cali
National news headlines
9 o'clock alarm please
Start a timer for 10 minutes
Please dial up Cindy, Jaime, and Destinee
What's happening in Honolulu this weekend
Who is a friend of Tina?
get time left on the Workout timer
Put Bernardina Mcglothlen boys upcoming birthday on the screen
Call Dad
Please tell me who is online now.
i want to know more about ryan
what's the name of this band?
Set a timer for two hours
can you record a video message for Rosalina Vannice please
phone James's husband
find me a concert
Set a dinner timer for 6:30 pm
Do I know people who live in Australia?
Have timer go off in 4 minutes
How much time did i go over the timer
Cancel my reminder to purchase kids Science Center passes.
tell me the the entertainment headlines
How long do you have to cook sweet potatoes in the oven
are there any big stories today
Send Glowga to Lawson
Show me reminders of sales for this week.
cancel reminder for carpet cleaner appt on tues
Set me as available this instant
Remind me to clean the microwave tonight
could you call Evelyn Glenn's dad Peyton
Set an alarm for 3am monday, wednesday, and friday.
tuna salad recipe
Should I wear snow boots today?
i want to hear some Kanye West
When did Robert graduate?
Do I know anyone in Tennessee?
call Laura number two
call general practitioner
What will the high be today?
What is the nutrition content of a cup of greek yogurt
call Mackenzie's grandfather
what is happening in los angeles tonight
remind me to pay my cell bill next week
send a message to coffee lovers chat that says sounds good
Tell me Caris mommies birthdays
Please Bot remind me to go and check the mail box at 2 pm.
is Maggie 47 years old this year
Remind me to pick up Pete's dry cleaning on Wednesday.
what are the headlines in ohio news?
What was the result of The Bachelorette this season
Tell me what Lora does for work
Reset the dinner timer.
That is the right song
Did I have dinner reminders set last week.
pull up recently viewed stories
make a whatsapp call to Scarlet
recent local headlines
play alan jackson
Send a message to Clarissa to ask her if she can make it to Church today
i need a recipe for spaghetti
carl girlfriend encid
Play RnB Music
Please snooze my alarm
Please send that video to Sheila.
I want you to call Emma
How much longer before the timer goes off?
Any music shows today
continue my Linguine timer
Fun things to do in Cleveland later this month
I want you to show me all the reminders I have with my friends for this week.
How old will Thomas be this year?
Remind me to send my grandson a money order today
create one timer for 15 seconds and another for 9 minutes and another for 40 seconds
Ignore this incoming call
How hot is it boston degree F
How's the weather looking for the Yankees game tonight
Reminders for my fitness schedule/routine please
Give me an article about North Korea
Does Liam live in brandon park
Ask Bill how long the pop concert is going until on friday night
Remind me to buy flowers on the way home
How do I make homemade chicken fried rice
remind me to take my pills tomorrow morning
when is the peak fall foliage on the east coast
Push this alarm back 10 minutes
What's my next reminder
Create a reminder to date Roy next  Tuesday morning.
Remind me to buy baby shower gift on Monday at 6pm
start a Skype call with Richard
Tell me about George's best friend, Sam.
What time did Amy try calling me today?
i want to start a group call with family
I want to hear some Indie Music
Things to do in December in Tucson
Will it rain next Tuesday?
What is the forecast for Sunday
add David to my call
Ask Jon if he will be on time for our show
Tell me who lives in Florida.
let me see my video messages from Brady
can you set a timer for me
When did Sofia graduate?
Replay this song after it finishes
Snooze the alarm for the next 5 minutes
When did Heidi start to work at Target?
Ask mom when the pool party starts tomorrow.
turn clock on for 12:00
What was my last time?
Remind me to pick up flowers for my parent's anniversary
Is it going to be another hot day today?
Change my hair appointment reminder to 2:30 tomorrow.
Change reminder for TV show from tonight to tomorrow.
Delete the reminder about Thanksgiving at gary's house
How long did Debbie work at Walmart?
show me messages from my granddaughter Malaysia
Have Thomas taken off the group call
play favorite song list
add shelby to call
lets i would like to message video message to Sheila via Messenger
Is Brooke online?
Sports news on ESPN from last night
When did Ahmed start his primary school?
Set a timer to check my food in 7 minutes
tell me about the weather
please remind me to fill all perscriptons
Please remove picking up present from my to do list next week
how much time do i have left
Music Events in Miami Beach this weekend
What is the high temperature in Dallas on Friday?
Play music based on Celldweller.
Does Jeremy work at Taco Bell?
Create an event reminder for our family reunion party for Wednesday, this week.
What's the number one song on the billboard?
show me video messages from my uncle Raiden
Can you set a timer that will go off in exactly one hour?
What is brown sugar made of
Find me the local weather news
Is anybody I know working at Arby's?
WhatsApp call to Karen
Cancel my Tuesday reminder.
Who is the artist singing this song?
Start a timer for 30 minutes beginning at 7 a.m. tomorrow.
who was todays top news headline
play ariana grande
call Kenneth WhatsApp
Add 5 minutes to my french press timer
Please skip Beyonce.
i want to leave Larry a video recording
How long should I roast a 10 pound turkey for
Please play me the new Rihanna song?
Play me instrumental music
Is their rain in the forecast this Saturday in Daytona Beach
Find me a chicken taco recipe
set a timer for instruments
Find news about Angelina Jolie divorce
List all reminders for Saturday evening for concerts.
Set up 5 pm for the alarm
call Lincoln Hines's cell on whatsapp
Subtract 10 minutes from my timer.
Get rid of Sam from my current call.
Set up a reminder to purchase ingredients for tomorrow's dinner
best chicken enchilada recipe
Stop calling dad
Set an alarm for 7:30 AM.
create an alarm at 6.30 thats weekly for three weeks
How windy is it going to be today?
set reminder for july 4th party
When will it rain again?
Remind me to send an article in for the RMTA newsletter.
Can you remind me to order movie tickets before noon tomorrow
What artist sing this song
use amazon as my default
Set alarm for 40 minutes
What is today's low going to be?
How do I cook a perfect Steak
call Brynn Gianopulos 's brother
Please play songs from the 1960s.
Who are my friends?
most recent headlines
Read top headlines
Start a call with Rob
How many calories are in a double chocolate cake
how old is my father in law
Is Ivanka trump in the news today
I want to switch calls
What is trending in international news?
What is Jo Nelle's work address?
Spices in indian food
remind me to pay the cable bill on the 15th
remind me to return the DVD
Start timer at 6pm
What is the top news from The New York times?
whats the local news
Get rid of my potatoes timer
Change this back to an audio call.please
Will it be above 100 fahrenheit tomorrow
update reminder time to 10
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
what's happening in portland tonight
Who lives in Chicago
What is the local news for Boston
what's the weather going to be doing at the weekend?
Remind me to visit the restroom on Friday at 5 pm
Call Miriam Anastasia Randall for me
Can you help me find a last-minute show for tonight
Set an alarm for 7am tomorrow morning
I want to do a video call with my sibling
pull up today's weather
set a timer for 2029
leave a video recording for Gino Hinkley
call Aubrie number four
Any special events in Daytona Beach this coming weekend
Play Kelsea Ballerini's newest album
play some rap music
When did Mum ring me?
Start the timer in one hour.
call Lydia with WhatsApp please
are there any more articles about this
Delete the reminder to set an alarm for 8:00 AM.
How long has Will worked for Boeing
Set a reminder for me to prep for my job interview this weekend.
I want to listen to ABBA.
tell me what the weather is for this weekend in Tasmania
Were any of Astrid Arrick homies born in May?
When will Allison graduate?
I want to make Baked Alaska
The turkey is cooking set the timer for 3 hours
Start call to Mom
call Camron number four
Can I make bread without yeast
let me see texts from my grandfather Mateo
PLAY COUNTRY
Add Alarm every night at 7pm
could I message Chance and tell him Hey man What are you up to today
Let me know yesterdays news headlines
Send a message to Mark and tell him that the package he needs will be delayed due to the hurricane along the Pacific Coast.
call Norberto Vancise 's sister
set the cello timer for 15 minutes
Any recent news in Virginia
ring my bros
I need a pie recipe for apples
please read the news headlines on fox news
Set an alarm for Tuesday at 3am and 4am which repeats
What reminders do I have for Saturday afternoon?
What is the most recent news regarding local politics
Remind me to call John tomorrow at 10am.
Who do I know that lives in Fort Myers Beach?
remind me to wash my hair in six minutes
Remind me to check into my flight tonight at 6pm.
Read me the latest sports news for the Cardinals.
Read the news about the lawsuit against Rick Scott.
Give Nick a call
how much longer until sunrise
Can Mick Jagger play any instruments
How heavy is the rain?
call Mark instead
let me know when 30 minutes have passed
Resume time
Set a reminder for doctor's appointment next Tuesday.
Delete the reminder for my flight to Paris on Saturday
Change today's Uber pickup call reminder from 3 pm to 6 pm
Play Nickelback
Who is Li's friend Rachel?
What are some no-bake dessert ideas
please tell me more about  news trump issue new warning north korea
Create new radio station
will the hurricane hit the suncoast
include dad to the call
What's the name of that performer of this song.
Remind me to be at home for repair works
have the president made any further remarks on what went on in charlottesville this past weekend
List all my golfing reminders
How to cook a ham
Set twenty minute timer
Set a reminder to call my dad at 5:00 to ask about his doctor's appointment.
What can I use to grease a pan?
List car shows happening in Atlanta next weekend
Can you put 10 more minutes on the timer?
add to the call for me
I need to delete the reminder I set for going to California in the month of May.
Tell me the weather in Milwaukee
Set the timer for 35 minutes
display my friend page please
Who's the artist
Give news from yesterday in Japan.
My friends
who is Peter Gabriel's best friend?
Temperature around Shanghai this weekend Fahrenheit
what temperature do I bake cupcakes at
List calls I've made today
tell me how many minutes left do I have
Read out all of my reminders for next weekend.
tell me who works at Arlington Toyota
set alarm for 4:45pm
Cancel all of my reminders for tomorrow.
How much time is still on the timer
WhatsApp call to Leonel Frederick
start a timer for my run at 10 am
friends of Michael
Is there any time left on the timer I set
call Hughes right away
how many slices in a standard pizza
Any special reports on human trafficking
are storms in the forecast for this afternoon
Make an alarm for 9pm in the evening on Tuesday
How many eggs are in a pound cake
play madonna on spotify
go to Enigma playlist
remind me to make a shopping list for back to school
Please phone daughter
Stop my running timer halfway through
Things to do in Newark tonight
play Formation on iHeartRadio
New alarm for Tuesdays at 6AM for next 2 months
What pairs well with lasagna
Please send my husband a video message
How long does it take to hard boil eggs
what's on nbc nightly news?
no more reminders about checking in on the food cooking
Change my 9 pm reminder to 9:30
Please play Imagine Dragons.
get me my mom Isabelle Peverini
Set a reminder for the party with my friends on Friday
call Skylar 's sibling
Remind me to apply for the internship at Facebook before the weekend starts.
Pull up the weather report.
What is the weather in Fort Wayne this weekend
WHAT IS THE NUMBER SONG ON ITUNES RIGHT NOW?
Set an alarm for 3pm call it nap time
Add Will to call
Get rid of the reminder that I have a doctor appointment in October.
Are there any tornado watches or warnings in the Dyersburg area right now?
anything to do in nyc on saturday
Add nephew to the call
I want to hear something from the 90's.
How much time do I have until the alarm goes off
delete my reminder to take my medicine
news headlines from last week
Where is Meghan Markle from?
Add 5 minutes to the alarm.
Which of my friends graduated from CC?
Update today's alert 15 minutes later
Any music events for tomorrow
Cancel reminder for visit to school
Please erase all of my alarms
start a video call with anne
Locate some recipes for tomato soup
Create an alarm for 7:30 am every day next week
Set a reminder to check the cake in the oven 25 minutes from now.
Who has information on weather for 7pm?
What temeperture should I cook pork chops at?
Is there anticipated rain tonight?
Play Dogs by Pink Floyd.
How long until the time goes off?
Tell me the weather forecast of Kelowna ?
I need you to text Kayla
Create a reminder.
play pop 90s hits radio
Set availability as unavailable
When is rain in the forecast
could you make a video message for my friend Brain
Play my running playlist
Weather forecast for Brisbane please.
Have the alarm go off at 4:30pm.
Dismiss alarm now
How long should I cook chicken in a crock pot
Remind me to take the cookies out in 10 minutes
start a call with Mark Meyers's papa
Record a video message for my husband
i want to call Christopher Clark Archer
Going to a baseball game on Saturday - what's the weather that day?
Get rid of all my set alarms.
add my father to the call
What can you tell me about Jen
Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Show me recipes for vegan pizzas.
open Pandora and play The Albums on shuffle
what's planned for this weekend
Make me a playlist with music similar to Thundercat.
Ask Lyndsie why she's running so late in a message.
get remaining time on Reading timer
News about Texas
pleaser answer the video call from john
do i have any reminder for coming sunday
Modify today's alert to Tuesday
Shuffle my current playlist
Is it around 67 in C near Shanghai tonight
play SBTRKT on iheartradio
where in Washington does Luke live
time left on timer
Delete the next 3 timers
did jen work at lincoln school 2 years ago?
turn phone on do not disturb
Remind me about concerts coming next month
Set a medication alarm
can you set an alarm for 45 minutes from now?
whatsapp call Adan's cell
tell me who is online now?
Easy meals with less than 6 recipes
Remind me of my job interview tomorrow at 3 pm
Pause the alarm please
What't happening tonight
Did any of my family go to Princeton?
How many calories are in a brownie?
Set alarm 30 minutes from now.
Set sleep timer
set to user busy
What degree did Jeff graduate with at Clemson?
Where's Planet Home at?
Can you add Jeremy to this video chat
Any food festivals in downtown Portland
Are there onions in goulash
How do you make Golden Milk
I want to hear that song again.
Please remind the dry cleaner that I need my winter coat on the 15th
How do I tell if an egg has gone bad
Call my sister
how humid is it this week?
Remind me of Debbie's and Eric's anniversary one week before.
What is the weather like
How's the weather in Egypt?
play the album In The Lonely Hour (Drowning Shadows Edition) on iheartradio
Please set up a reminder for Saturday at 3 pm to pick up Josh
Call Philip for me
i want to call Amy R Woodward
close timer
Contact Peter by phone
What is this song?
is the ball game reminder set or did it get deleted
I need Lisa's email
Change the date for the picnic reminder from this Saturday to next Saturday.
How is the weather in Daugavpils
what do I need to make beef stew
What is the latest news about OJ Simpson's parole hearing?
can you call 555-5248
Tell me all recent political news.
is anybody from my friend list is from Canada?
Tell me some new headlines
play me some country
I want to listen to some old Glen Campbell
should I wear rain boots
set two alarms at 6am and 9am everyday for two weeks
Read my messages out loud.
what are the top news stories of the day
What concert line ups are there this month
Who is Jesse?
what is the over temperature for a cake
send that video to the people in my undergraduate class chat
Don't pick up
new alarm for 6
Is it raining in Portland, Oregon?
Could you connect me to Magic: The Gathering on Slack please
give me the weather for aruba for the next month
call on whatsapp Kasen
call 555-7775 on WhatsApp
Concerts in Raleigh this weekend
List my contacts that are online.
Give me Fox news headlines
Hey, please illustrate tomorrows weather forecast.
send a message to edie and tell her buffalo movers is a great company that I recommend
I would like a news up date
Donald trump news please
love that song, repeat it
how many carbs are in an ice cream cake
I might want to go to to Soul Summit
call Whatsapp Kendall Holden
Remind me to wake up at 6 o'clock tomorrow
connect friend into my call
respond yes to the fifth event
play justin timberlake
Please add mum now
Set an alarm for 1pm every day this week
What are some touristy things to do in NYC this weekend
Set up a reminder to make a car payment by 1 pm Monday.
food festivals in DC in March
Please tell me headlines
Is it supposed to get windy today?
reply to Eric Gonzalez Clark with a video message
Did Scott graduate from Auburn in 2002 or 2003
People who went to University of Nebraska.
Let's setup my default music app
What is the correct cook temperature for well-done steak
tell me tomorrow's reminders
Will it snow this Sunday
What are some recent news updates?
Set an alarm for every 60 seconds for 10 minutes.
message my dad and ask him if he is planning to fly in for the graduation on june 21st at the high school
Show me Isabella's sister
When is the next severe weather outbreak anticipated?
respond yes to Bands on the Bayfront
People available, please
Is George residing in Minot?
Why is Taylor Swift in court
how do you make quiche?
any concerts in new york tomorrow
Play me some 90s rap music
let me see my texts from significant other Tristan
most recent news
How many birthdays are on the 29th?
Did Jen take AP classes in high school?
Change the wakeup alarm to 6:30
What is the ideal temperature to cook pork
Find recipe for chicken noodle soup
What are the forecast conditions in Mexico?
Start an alarm at 4:00 pm and 6:00 pm
Who went to Appalachain?
WHAT IS THE CALORIE COUNT IN PULLED PORK SANDWICHES
Show all reminders for August.
Which friends went to medical school?
Set a Wake-Up Alarm 4 am
Can I listen to Dancing With A Stranger
reminder to shop for peter birthday party
Read me additional details
Add 60 minutes to the timer
When will the timer end?
how much time is left before my alarm goes off?
Weather for July 1-7 inclusive
Find me a recipe for chicken tetrazzini, please
call Elliot
please put on the track played before this one
cancel the reminder for the play on aug 23rd
When is my repair reminder for the truck?
Pull up Logan O friends birthdays on the screen
what reminders do I have for next tuesday?
Remind me to make the cookies for the bake sale.
send Lauren the Facebook message
Events today
Set the timer for 8 minutes.
Edit my next alarm to 7pm
Sleep timer for bed time
please send a video message
Set recurring larms everyday for 7am and 7:10am please.
call Serena A
Let Sandra know that the fair starts on August 12th this year.
Any interesting event happening next weekend
are there more details about the russia investigation
end and switch calls please
play me some country music
Is Carol's address in the 32118 zip code area?
What time will the sunrise Friday
What kind of nuts do i need for baklava
play some showtunes
play the musician Dua Lipa
Delete all reminders i have set February-july
What's happening in Atlanta tomorrow night
Who's Pam working for now?
What degree did Ivy get?
I want Lance to come over email him using his Flap group info.
what are messages from grandpa Viviana
Can I know the weather in Highlands  of Scotland today?
switch on alarm for 10:00 AM
set as not around
What it the temperature this afternoon?
Is there any tennis game Saturday
Play Maxwell
can you read me the latest news?
set time out timer for 15 minutes
Does Mandy work for BB&T?
Send a text to Ollie asking if he knows where my birthday party is at
End the call immediately please
call Oneill and Cherry
how much  do i have left on my alarm
ask sara if she's going to the work event tomorrow
find me a dairy free cake recipe
Do I know anyone that is a psychologist?
How long do you cook boneless chicken breast in the oven
Could you please give weather information for Italy
Message my Mother
play Bethel radio
Remind Jordan that his haircut is $15.
The bank called and wanted the paperwork for the loan turned in before Saturday April 20th please set a reminder that same day 4 a.m.
Do I know anyone who went to U of Miami
Message Dick and tell him to turn down the music.
What are in Kosher hot dogs
i have chicken and herbs, what can i make for dinner
remind me to stop for gas on the way home from work
Will it rain this weekend.
i want to call bob
Give me some chicken recipes
Were any of Kallie sisters in law born on January 9th, 2008?
what is the weather in Menlo Park at 10am?
How to cook a medium rare steak
What's the weather outlook for the rest of this week?
Did my family went to UEL?
show me my timer called french press
is a vest recommended
call Arturo Berry instead
List the macros for steamed chicken breast
delete all reminders from last month
can i listen to kendrick lamar's newest album?
Play Katy Perry's newest album
How to make BBQ ribs
when will it warm up
what's the timer set for
i would like to message Stephanie via Messenger that on my way
create an Egg timer for 22 minutes
should I wear a rain coat today
What is the main news headline this evening
What should the internal temperature of pork be when finished
who is available in the chat session
Cancel my timer.
I need to set a birthday party reminder for August 25th, please set a reminder for my family group at 4 pm.
please cancel this video message
Who is on concert this week in Atlanta
Who do Sherman Logan know that was born in January?
national headlines
add my stepdad to this call
are there any new headlines on cnn
How many calories are in the mocha cheescake
latest news from washington times please
Anything to do next week
Play some Marvin Gaye.
call my Whatsapp contact Fatima
How cold is it up in Big Bear next weekend?
Organize a group call
When will the humidity go down?
try calling Ng Angelica
When is this timer done?
What is the visibility like outside?
would you mind holding the alarm
turn on video calling
list contacts that work at McDonalds
Is it raining right now in Florida?
Add in Melanie please
Did any of my family graduate from OSU?
What are the calories in a slice of apple pie
Please reject the incoming call
remind me to put oil in the car 8:00 am tomorrow
What is trending in local news this morning?
start recording video for Eleni
find the playlist with boy bands
Is there any news about the housing market today?
who are my friends that work at adobe
RESTART THE TIMER
How long do you cook salmon
Delete the reminder for dinner tomorrow.
how much time until the timer goes off
delete all my current alarms please
How much rain does Arizona get in a year?
I need you to send that video message on Facebook
open iheart radio and play midnight on shuffle
Who is the most decorated Olympic athlete?
Update my alarm to 7am
set a timer for 50 minutes
Friends of Emily
What's it like in Fiji?
What is the current status of my timer?
Set a new reminder for 11:30 am.
read my messages on Facebook
Set an alarm for 1 hour from now
make an alarm for weekdays
give me a list of online friends right now
Can you call Keegan Xavier Andersen
Are there any events happening on Wednesday in Albuquerque
Add Sarah to the call
remind to get gas today
Go to previous song
Should I add sugar to tomato sauce
set my availability to offline
get me Blake
trending news
text on my way to Lance and Kenny
play Sam Feldt on google play music
Listen to my recently added playlist
change the 10 timer to a 15
change my status to going for Naomi Klein on the Green New Deal
Set timer, please.
Change my availability to online
lets see video messages from Eden
What is Tom's number
Where am I right now
I would like google play as my default
Hey Bot! Can you please send a message to Elizabeth that I will be at her place in 15 minutes?
Who works at SpaceX?
What temperature is beef wellington cooked at
Can you remind Bamby to walk the dog as soon as he gets home.
What is the recipe for chicken parm
Start timer for 5 minutes
call Eden 's son
whats the weather like tonight
Please tell me my current alarms.
What temperature is it outside?
what is the story behind the Power leak
Call John and tell him I can't make it.
create a pushups timer
What are tomorrow's reminders?
music from the movies
message Hadley saying Just for surety, can you get a zin
Remind me on August 10th at 9am to register for fall soccer.
Get my video messages from Susan, Tom and Ben
Delete all my existing alarms.
Please show me reminder about dinner dates with my kids this week
resume timer after 17 minutes
Play this song again
what is the local weather
Set alarm for 6 AM tomorrow
what is the local news in port st lucie
what's the weather like right now
How long should I put creme brulee in broiler
Show me what the news is from NPR
Set reminder for doctors appointment may 9
Any celebrities die today
Play some ZZ Top please.
send a message to one thread that says are you free
Is Jonathan still working at the Apple Store?
Show all alarms.
MESSAGE TINA I WILL BE HONORED TO THROW HER A BABY SHOWER
Remind me at 5pm today to pick up cake.
Where is Akira Kurosawa from?
Is this cold temperature hold through evening?
is it cloudy outside?
What is Alan's address?
how hot is it outside?
reset my current timer
When is my alarm set to?
Theater shows in New York this Monday
Make a call to Steve
delete a minute
I want to listen to the last song again
start call to family
Set an alarm for this Wednesday at 8AM
Skip this track and go to the next song.
What are some trending news topics right now?
For all japan reminders move them up 2 weeks
set an Inhaler timer
Has Brad worked for Transcore before
Please read and news headlines
give Ahmed a call
call Melissa David Alvarez
What's the weather forecast for 3pm on Monday the 1st in Dubai?
timer is to run for 8 minutes
Sunny on Thursday?
find a cookie bar recipe that has coconut oil in it
play favorite workout songs
make alarms on wednesday for 5pm and 6pm
need timer set for twelve minutes
play the first album for killswitch engaged
I want to see some events that are popular among my friends
Would you please call my boss
Set an alarm for 7:30 pm
What is the main ingredient in lasagna
Please provide the ingredients for vanilla frosting
what temperature do you cook onion rings
What's going in Bridgeport
Does lasagna have ricotta in it
Set up alarms at 12:00 pm and 6 am
Latest news about Donald Trump
SET TIMER TO 1 MINUTE.
I'd like to set whatsapp as my default calling app
What are the news headlines from Politico
Not available right now
Events in New York this weekend
At 10 tomorrow night, what are some upcoming events in New Orleans
play the album version of that song
i would like to message Jimmy that WhatsApp text
Create a repeat alarm for every Tuesday at 4
Is it picnic weather?
Set up a reminder to call my phone provider in 10 minutes.
Remind me about dinner tomorrow night at 8 PM
Will it be sunny?
video call Austin Angelica
I need a great vegan side dish
Set up reminder for appointment
What ingredients do you need to make fresh pancakes
How do I make an angel food cake
look for a crock pot recipe with pork
show me unavailable
Who are Xander's friends?
Did any of my cousins go to University of Chicago?
Anything new on the news today?
always remind me of appointments on day before
I wheat flour ok to use in cake
What is the weather going to be at 5pm on New York City?
Create an alarm for 4th May at 5am.
play me some david lee roth
who texted me via Messenger
Remind me to text Martha tomorrow.
Set up a reminder for Saturday at 9 am for Mila's vet appointment.
Who graduated from California college, Pennsylvania
How long should I keep my chicken in the oven
Is there heavy smog today
I want to see Eleanore Baxtor kiddoes upcoming birthdays
Can you change the alert time for my next reminder to 20 minutes before?
call papa
Send a Message to Jesse and ask what hotel they’re staying in Panama City Beach next month
Tell me Miquel Kressler stepfathers birthdays
What should I bake today
Ingredients in gumbo
Find me a dairy free dessert recipe
What is the latest news about racism
10 day forecast Arizona
please play some Children's Television
how long to cook cake
How long should potatoes go into the oven
add mums to this call
which friends live in new england?
Temperature today C
Where is my book club reminder with Tom?
Why did the under armour CEO resign from Trump's counsel?
rsvp yes to Demonology 101
latest football news
Notify me at 6.40pm and 8.30pm on Thursday.
Set the timer for 30 minutes?
What is the weather in Houston Texas currently
call Jeffrey Johnson Beltran
Who sings the song Hey Pretty?
Play that new Taylor Swift song
what is the forecast in germany
Make an alarm for a month for 2pm.
Is it above 90 in degree Celsius this weekend
Remind me of Nikos art fair on Tuesday at 2:00 pm.
create alarm for 6h55
display video messages from my girlfriend Karter
give me another five minutes
set bedtime alarm for today
Things to do in Andover next weekend
call my Whatsapp contact Jazmin
set a reminder for dress fitting on sunday 1030
Music event in Phoenix for next month
is it going to storm tomorrow
Create na Birthday alarm
I need you to send that video message via Facebook
Give aunty a call
Who graduated from NYU?
give me a news update of our locality
Minneapolis events tonight
show my friends that are also friends with Kelly
Do I need a jacket?
I need an alarm set for 5am
please dial Morgan Morgan right away
Remind me to pick up Eliza birthday cake on Friday for the birthday party .
call Fiona 's partner
Call grandmothers
Ready mode now
how to bake a dome shaped cake
Do I have to sear the meat first
Turn on my 10am alarm for tomorrow
what time does today's concert begin
Will CNN be bringing us breaking news updates?
Tell me about Linda.
remind me to check my gmail account at 4 pm Eastern time please
Can you remind me to get a present for Stacy next Thursday morning?
Disconnect this call.
all James friends
video message Michaela
how to bake salmon
how hot will it be today
Let John join this call
what is the local news?
Show me all reminders from our girl's trip group chat.
ignore all incoming calls
Remove the reminder I had for Phils birthday this month
Give me the good news only!
hang up on Cesar Negus
Please call Ace at the grocery store
weather for Henley on Thames
emily do you live in PA
How long does it take to braise a pork chop
What is the high temperature for Saturday?
What's the lead story in the Citizen-Times today?
would you make an alarm for 15 minutes from now
Remind me of my 10:00 am doctor's appointment
tell me what time dusk is thursday in bremerton
Please create me an alarm.
go to iheartradio and play KAMP-FM
Play Janis Joplin
can you keep the timer going
flatbread pizza recipes
When exactly did I make the call to mom last night and at what time?
I would like to send the Messenger message
Should I pack my gloves this weekend?
dial 5558156 on Messenger  using my phone
Create a reminder to take my car to have the tires rotated on Tuesday afternoon.
What is the weather forecast for August 18th?
Delete all reminders for next Tuesday.
i'm really busy right now
launch a plan
do i need to bring boots along today
What are the total Carbohydrates in one piece of Naan bread
Where does Marina live?
Set an alarm every 15 minutes for 1 hour
Tell me who is online that are my friends
remind me to get gas on Friday
I want to hear Kiss music
put it on shuffle
can you please use WhatsApp to call Elise Bernard
please read me the messages from last week
Please show all reminders.
What is the latest in the black lives matter movement
find the album under the iron sea
Anything cool happening next weekend in Chicago
remind me to check on the ebay listing at 3:55pm
What is the trending news in Auburn, AL?
I'd like to call with my cousins Alberto, Claire, Kiera, and Lukas on Messenger
How hot is it in south Africa today?
call Nataly three
Record a video message for Georgiann Bridenbaker
disconnect and answer other line
I wonder if it is going to rain today?
turn on the timer in two minutes
Are there any flood warnings
What is the weather in Maine?
interrupt the timer
can you set up a timer
video call Tyrell, Gabriela, Alissa, and Johanna on Messenger
set reminder for oil change 6 months from now
Are storms moving in
Wake me in the morning
How many servings in potato salad
Is it sweater weather outside?
What events can I attend next week
Any new news on the murder trial?
Can you remind me to submit my spreadsheet at 5 pm today?
please set an alarm for 8:30 am
Show me messages from Bill Murray via Messenger
Read the details on the Usher scandal?
send a message to high school friends chat that says talk to you later
Whats the temperature in new york city?
I'd like to call with my cousins Javon, Sandra, Marshall, and Jace on Discord
Send a message to Satapana that I will be at the wedding
play the album King Of Pop on iheartradio
send it to Lia Gitelman
How long to cook brisket
can you please call Brynlee on Messenger
Ignore calls from newspaper office.
What will the weather be next Monday.
Go to my Spotify country playlist
Delete the appointment alert for my spa massage.
Remind me that I have a meeting in the morning.
grab messages from mother Harvey
Initiate a call with First Time Home Buyers
connect call to susan
what address do margaret  live at
When does this artist next go on tour
cancel the meeting reminder for 2pm and reset for this thursday at 1000am
Can we do an call with the Wine Lovers group on Wechat
Any baseball matches
Remind me to call my brother after work.
tell my sister that her class reunion is on friday at 8pm
How cold is it in Vermont
play I Love It on iHeartRadio
clear out alarms indefinitely
What album is this?
Set alarm 35 minutes from now
please call 5551575
Do any stories mention Franklin Village
Find a song by John Lennon.
What's happening in Biloxi tonight
I am done with this call
Give me news update in Philadelphia area
Set a daily alarm for 6am
what is the best seasoning for quail
is there rain in the forecast this week
Can I hard boil an egg in the microwave
Is it storming in Brisbane?
dont forget to call the tree removal guy and set up appt for sat
Dinner recipes under 500 calories per serving
Who are the most popular jazz musicians of all time?
How many friends do I have in medical school
how do you cook fried rice
Art festivals for 2018
When is the reminder set for Traico's birthday party?
phone Milo Jenkins's nana
what is the weather forecast for south florida?
tell Joy that i am not coming to her party today
Show all Tennon nana upcoming birthdays
Add steven to this call
HOW HOT WILL IT BE IN HEMET CALIFORNIA THIS WEEKEND
Show me all of my reminders in EST.
remind Jade to arrive at 5 am to get on the train
change timer to thirty minutes
Remind me to call Aliana and ask about Headstart program, later at 5:15 pm.
How do you make a crepe
Can we put susie on this call too
What are today's local headlines?
can you set a timer named software update
resume timing
How much salt should be added to a chili recipe
Remove the timer
pause track
Wind in my grandniece start University of Detroit
Create a new alarm at 9pm on Friday
Remind me one hour before my dental appointment on Tuesday
respond maybe to the fourth event
what all do you know about Sam?
Add Lindsey to all reminders related to Ava's soccer games
Find me a recipe with ground turkey
change my status to interested for Los Angeles Interactive Conference 2019
Whats the location of Scott's work?
What kind of event is Grilled Cheese Grand Prix?
set sirius xm to stream music
I'm now available
Pause timer 2.
do i need sun protection today?
Tell me Billy's address
WhatsApp call Mireya Marquez
What's the recent scoop on Kim K?
Set an alarm from Monday to Friday at 7am
Tell me what basketball games are happening in October
show my alarm
Does Taylor and Ava have any reminders for Cheerleading next week?
set alarm for 10 pm tonight
Show lindsay parents birthdays to me
cancel my reminder to take the dog for a walk
Set an alarm for May 30th
Have Vincent Roberts taken off the group call
start playing Hot Rocks 1964-1971 (Remastered)
message on Messenger
start timer please
list me my friends who teach at CSU
message ben to please send a group text to all the band about where we're playing next weekend
Who is Denise's employer?
create one timer for 10 minutes and another for seven seconds and another for 10 minutes
Dinner will be ready at 6:30, remind me at 6:00 to start the rice.
Open reminder for pills at 5 pm
can you call Isla using Messenger
is my sibling online
let me see messages from my spouse
Can you play a workout playlist on google play music?
Get my texts from John Peterson, Steve and Leo
How long does Chicken cook for
Please get rid of that reminder to have the oil changed in the Saturn.
Cancel my reminder to pay my phone bill.
If it's listed, can I get the cell number for Mariah Jenner?
Call Polly
start a video call with John
Set up a reminder to video chat with Christian tonight.
New message Hey man, your phones going straight to voicemail so Im assuming it died
create a reminder to walk the cat.
does my local news have any stories about back to school right now.
I want to set a get ready for bed alarm at 10pm
who works at the counter
play Save Tonight by will.i.am
Get rid of all my alarms please.
call my grandma Melissa through WhatsApp
WHAT IS GOING ON IN CELEBRITY NEWS?
pause stopwatch timer
Move my reminder for Mom's retirement party up from Sunday to Friday.
Remind Tom and Dad to leave at 6pm, 15 mins before.
What is the weather for Long Beach tomorrow morning 0800 hours?
Set alarm at 10 pm tonight.
interesting things to do today
Remind me with an alarm in 10 minutes
What are the headlines of the Philadelphia Inquirer today?
give Brooks's grandfather Daniela Cummings a call
delete the reminder to submit the paper on Friday night.
Please send the message 'Happy Birthday' to Jeanie
Is Dominic a Microsoft Certified Engineer?
What kind of event is Soul Summit?
Does Dad still work for the FAA?
please send reminders to all in the warehouse group about the upcoming meeting
What's in pho
play the last track from Talking to the Taxman
Set an alarm for 5 PM tomorrow
how humid is it outside
What's the temperature in Miami
Will it be above 59 in degree Celsius in Dehli tomorrow morning
whats the time left?
Can you check on linkedin who works at Apple?
create alarm for 04h50
Pick up calls from ticket agency.
Show me who isn't busy
Not right now
Start a video call to Jamie
Has the close friends chat messaged me in the past few days
what going on in Las vegas tonight
any current news on north korea
display my meditation ended timer
Where did Al Pacino grow up?
Any news bulletins
What is the weather like in Hong Kong?
Move the reminder to buy Courtney's weddng gift to next Saturday at 9 am.
What's the address of my work?
what ingredients are in the orange chicken
Play Nirvana's Nevermind.
I want the weather for Buckinghamshire please.
How much snow is predicted?
how long do I roast turkey
Fiji, what is the weather
Let Laura know the concert is on August 10th at 6pm
Show me the weather in Perth, Scotland
news update on Trump Administation
fix a timer right now
Tell me who works at expressions
i want to appear as available
get me texts from my grandfather
Snooze the alarm please
start a call with Rafael Davidson, Ricardo Cain, Adam Alford and Tania on Whatsapp
Make alarms for Wednesday at 6.30AM and 7AM
Remind me tomorrow to leave the house
please dial Caden Carter right away
What time did Dad call me?
What should the temperature be for well done meat
Remind me to gas for the mower on the way home tonight
Can you put glass dishes in the oven
any breaking news right now?
please send my siblings
call my sibling on WhatsApp
show me messages from my spouse Hayden
Is it going to rain in Fort Lauderdale on Sunday
Set my alarm for 3pm.
find gluten free pretzles
pause time while I take this call
continue timing
Change cooking night reminders to Monday and Wednesday from Tuesday and Thursday.
Update reminder for  Kyoto to osaka travel date.   Change according to new schedule.
Set a reminder for the Tupperware party I'm consulting for on the 8th.
How far away is the nearest thunderstorm?
shift from this call to new call
Remind me to get coffee at 3pm tomorrow
Show me family members who have birthdays this month.
Temperature tonight for Houston c
Play the top songs from 2002.
Any good shows in Las Vegas next month
What's going down in Keller tomorrow
Remind me Carole arrives in Portland August 30th
Give me updates on all the protests going on in the US right now
call Floria Valiente 's grandfather
put up a timer for 19 minutes and a second for two and three quarters hours
What college did Michelle attend in 2006?
respond maybe to the fifth event
Bookmark current track
What is the highest temperature this week?
How do you grill cabbage
tell everyone that I finished the Walt Disney World marathon
Will you add 22 minutes to my timer?
Start a new timer
please remind me a 1pm to submit the board agenda in a timely manner
have i received any messages from my kid this year?
What was miles Davis' father's name?
Who is singing
What are the headlines for today's news
what are the local news stations talking about
Whats going on in NYC sat night
What ingredients do I use to make pound cake
reply to Gracelynn with a video message
Remind me to set raid times in the guild.
Did the weather today break any records
Find out who works at the family table restaurant.
Remind me to book my flight to Germany today.
What is in beef broth
Who is from New York
what's the time on my current timer
Will it rain in Las Vegas. NV next week?
use only iheartradio to play music
Set alarm for 4pm tomorrow.
are mozzarella sticks supposed to be at 400 degrees
Delete reminder to buy cereal
call Randall Strumpf 's cousin
Read me recent local news headlines
Is there new music for Nelly?
News about Hillary Clinton
send text on Facebook
Alert me to leave 15 minutes before dance class on Saturday
Subtract one minute from my timer
snooze alarm for 30seconds
asia news
What is the forecast for Saturday?
whatsapp call Layla's cell
play 580 station on iheartradio
I need updates on Charlottesville, VA today
Tell me the weather for Berlin, Germany
Will it rain in Orange Beach next week?
Set my alarm please
Send message to Tonya to ask her if she will be coming by to get the rest of her stuff
call Randy
Should i take a jacket to Las Vegas?
Set up alarm Monday at 5 and then at Tuesday at 8 am
Please make repeating alarms at 7pm and 9pm on Tuesdays.
NBA Sports news headlines please
Create wake up alarm at 7am tomorrow
whats there to do tomorrow
Send a message that says K Thumbs up emoji
how many teaspoons of vanilla in cake
get timer
How much butter should I put in this cake
who does matt work for?
Give me an update on the latest weather news.
Did I call Rihanna back?
Remind me to take Max to the vet next Monday afternoon.
check if susan is online
Please play a Luke Bryan playlist.
whatsapp video call Royal
What time and day do I have bus reminders set for?
Message Charlene and ask what dates are Garth Brooks playing in Kansas City?
Please add a grocery list to my list of things to be reminded about doing today.
What time is the sunset
respond no to Oktoberfest
Call Dave and add him to this call
please send that video to the code blue thread
Calories of 2 large eggs
Reminder: pick up dog food tonight on the way home
What was today's high temperature?
Is there a baseball match in June
I need to start a call to Jim
Record a video message for my kid and send it to him.
Who is available online
Where does my ex wife live?
Send mom to voicemal
How many seconds do I have left on my timer
call my papa through whatsapp
I am free and open all day
latest sports headlines
how much time till my next alarm?
remove my grandma from the video call
Set alarm for 1 hr before my dinner reservation at Redstone
How long should I cook a Mississippi roast for?
I want to hear Beyonce on Spotify
call playwright
Drop Lukas Meadows from this call
call Joseph one
Start a call Spoken Word
show me my macaroni timer
How many inches of snow is Chicago getting on Wednesday
are two of my friends online
Remind me to pick up a birthday card for Alise on the 29th.
Is it hot in Miami Florida right now?
call Alissa number three
Leave and switch this call
What are the top 5 news headlines?
Change current timer to 6:00 am
RSVP maybe to Insurgent Empire Book Launch
Please put my current playlist on shuffle
send message to Gina confirming the tour to visit the canyons in Colorado
let's leave a video recording now
Does George Clonney have any children?
how much snowfall was there yesterday
Will I need a coat for shopping?
hold and answer new call
Cancel this alarm.
Let me know what the weather will be like in Mexico.
I need to submit my application to the school this afternoon; Can you remind me at 1 PM?
Please record this video message for Ok Skripko
make call to wife group
turn on 550
Could you create an alarm at 7 am on Mondays?
play all rap
Can you put the current track on repeat
How many carbs are in potato chips
Let's hear some Selena Gomez.
What's the latest NCAA football news?
Start a study alarm for 30 mins.
What is the name of this band currently playing
Is there any news regarding Russia?
Set an alarm on the 20th May please
Anything fun happening in fort worth tonight
Is there gluten in miso soup
Please tell me the weather for Australia
Alert me at 2pm on Tuesday to bake brownies for the Paint Night
call Michael and Michelle
What temperature do I cook a pizza at
Set alarm for 7am tomorrow.
message a video to Scarlett
will the weather be nice to wear shorts?
set alarm for nightlies meeting
resume my Laundry timer
Can you play music by John Legend?
remind me about todays meeting 30 minutes before it starts
Let's set an alarm for the grandchildren's concert on Saturday at 3pm
What is the most current update on fake news?
let's leave a video recording
Send a message to Jose and ask if he watered my rose bush
Update shopping reminder to Saturday instead of Friday.
Add an alarm for 9am on May 10th
Remind me of my dentist appointment
Native American flute music please?
give me current news
Are there any new Taylor Swift headlines?
what's jeff's address
i want to listen to nicki minaj
end timer
Play me some Chris Brown on Spotify
Does George has a work address?
Total time left on  timer.
leave call and go to new call
Set me an alarm for the morning
where does Anne live
Cancel the reminder to call the Eastern zone office
give me the top hip hop news today
I need the weather prediction for Townsville, on Saturday, at 6:00pm.
send a video message to Keith
I'd like to call with my cousins Britney, John, Jacob, and Michaela on Whatsapp
I would like to send the WhatsApp text
Tell me Mary's current address
what is the weather in singapore?
Any update news about Neymar
Set an alarm for 6am for the next 4 Mondays
show me all reminders for my upcoming surgery
What kind of events are there this weekend
Can you call Larry Powell Sweeney
I don't want to miss the train at 10 am; can you remind me 30 minutes before?
call my Whatsapp contact friend
Do I know anyone from New York?
I need to get up at 7am please.
Give me the local news for New York.
search and play top country music
Is baking soda and baking powder the same thing
set my status to leave a message
Where did mom work?
can you drop the timer
Do I bring a umbrella with me today?
Change my reminder for this evening to 9pm.
What year did Carol get promoted to manager?
Please tell me news about Hillary Clinton.
who is the new mayor
Play Pitch Perfect songs
Create an alarm for tomorrow morning
call Amaya on video with Whatsapp
Snooze.
How many calories in a smoothie
on whatsapp call Hayden Gardner
Where does Marissa attend undergraduate school?
Have there been any local stories on the election
Hold the timer.
Do any of my friends live in Kansas City?
Make a call with my Community group on Hangouts
How many of my friends graduated from UWP?
How many birthdays are on November 7th?
What company does Mary work for?
Remind me to pick my daughter up at school at 4:30 today.
Remind me to call the dentist
i need to call joe
Turn the news in half an hour
Show me Dr. Danison homies birthdays
Remind me to order the flowers for the dinner.
Where does Jan work?
List headlines
I'd love to know more about Andrew.
Morning forecast?
Remind me to repeat daily affirmations.
Read my local news update
I LIKE THIS SONG.
should I wear a rain coat today?
How do you cook a supreme pizza
call Jordyn Golden call Carter Pope using Whatsapp
What temperature should hot food be held at
start calling mom
start this track over
Weather for current location
Remind me to order a gift for Brad by Friday
how long to boil for a soft boiled egg
Change the date for mom's birthday card reminder from June 27th to June 28th!
give the grandpa of Mason a call
call Talia 's auntie
Play all songs by Tee Grizzley.
Can you remind me to go shopping before one day.
invite allison to call
family member still live in calfornia
I want to listen to some classic country
READ ME THE RECENT WORLD NEWS HEADLINES.
please speaker call stepdads
Remind me to pick up mom for thursday doctor appointment.
How do I make cake moist
call Jane 's sibling
not going to Po' Boy Pop-Up
is there a hurricane in hawaii
Remind me to change cars
Tell me who is online that i know?
who does Wallace work for?
remind me to call mary tonight after work
Remind me to send that Vegetable Lasagne recipe to Kim before next Tuesday, August 7th.
any john lennon tracks
Remind taylors bridal party that the meeting was changed to 2pm
Who was that who just called me?
Did the major of Johnsonville get convicted
Is Brad at Golds Gym now?
Remind Sarah that we are meeting at 1230pm on the 3rd.
I'd like to call Benjamin Jude Mcintosh
What is the lowest tempature for Saturday going to be?
Message Sue to give me her current ETA at the farmer's market.
Modify the noon lunch reminder with Sarah to 2pm
Turn on timer for running workout
Cool stuff to do tonight
call Sofia 's cousin
Has Gabriel sent me any messages?
Is there any typhoon hitting Taiwan next week?
Remove reminder to pick up my sister.
Please add an alarm to go off every day at midday
What are the headlines in Europe today?
Message Willy and ask him when the bon fire will be lit tonight.
Are measurements for dry and wet ingredients the same
Mark song as Favorite
call self
Add 15 minutes to my work out timer
Make alarms for Tuesday and Saturday at Midnight
Apply alarm Friday afternoon at 4pm
send the text to my parents
Tell me how many reminders I have next week.
start a call with Jesus Leonard's grandma Jeremiah
Skip, please
what can i do tomorrow
Any health care news
My mother's friends.
should i use a jacket tonight?
Weather for Tuesday night please
What events are coming to Flint soon
play me some indy rap underground death metal music.
I want to add five minutes to my tie-dye timer.
use mainly apple music
I need this timer to be 5 instead of 10 minutes
set another timer for 40 minutes
set the timer for cleaning the self-cleaning oven
read me headlines from ABC news
Can you add 10 minutes to my current timer?
Remove all alarms
Change reminder about mailing check to Bob from tomorrow to Wednesday, same time
Get rid of the reminder to go to the movies with Pauli on Sunday.
What's the weather forecast for Queensland?
create alarms for 6pm and 7pm
Where does Doug work?
Where Dany currently live now?
Set an alarm for 7 a.m. tomorrow.
How old is Liam going to be in February
Create an alarm called 'worktime'.
what's this week's weather forecast?
Any softball matches next week
Warn Mom I may be early because I'm making great time.
Repeat Back Together by Robin Thicke
remind me cancel dentist  appointment for Tuesday
what is local news this morning
will there be rain tomorrow
Stop the alarm please.
Is AJ online
What is the temperature going to be early tomorrow
message a video to Charles Price Cook
Remind me to email my younger brother.
What genre of music is this song?
Remind me to set my 7am alarm.
What is the weather like in Portland right now?
Who won the Election in France
Set alarms for 9am and 10pm.
Who lives in egypt ?
call Thea Thurmond 's grandfather
Deduct 5 minutes off my work timer.
Play some J Guitar Pop music.
Stop the call now
Cancel tonight's alarms.
What's the weather in the York Region
Show all reminders for band recording sessions this coming weekend, in order according to time.
Remind me to do the dishes tonight.
Initiate a call with Brandon, Bailey, and Blake on Line
create alarm for 1750h
top stories please
Message Kam and  tell her hair appt July 1st
How much time is left on my timer for boiling water?
Set up a reminder for my daughter to call me Saturday night.
play z100 on iHeartRadio
I don't need the reminder about my dad's party.
Remind me to send out the email in 15 minutes.
I'd like to call James Oconnor Silva
is anyone online right now ?
what's the forecast?
What's the weekend weather forecast for California?
Can you call Stacey
how many inches of rain
I want to call with Jaquan Baxter and Carolyn Aguilar on Wechat
let Jax  no that we will still have the cookout at my mother's house Friday
Go to the next song on the album
please send Ted the WhatsApp message
Which of Angermeier mama were born on on May 8th, 1947
What ingredients do I need for homemade blueberry muffins
Start playing The Rolling Stones's latest album
What's the address of Mike's current employer?
Show the top Fox News headlines
can you explain to me what the weather is like in Rhode Island?
go ahead and call Song Mital
Who works at Starbucks?
set an alarm for me to wake up at 5am tomorrow
What is it like today in Maui?
Justin Bieber's new song
Message Sue to see if her husband got tickets to the Giants game for Thursday night.
Add 5 minutes to brush teeth timer
Can you show me the article?
Shutdown
Do I need to sift all-purpose flour before using it in a cake
Set a nap alarm for 4:00 pm
Did Ivanka Trump use a private email
How to make cajun style bread pudding
Play my Justin Timberlake channel on Pandora
What is Hannah's hometown?
read some headlines from year 1999
Read all unread messages
Hang up the video call
what temperature should i bake a potato
Colby's dinner party is at 6pm in 2 days; can you remind me 15 mins before
Set an alarm to go off in thirty minutes
Give me the weather details for Faro today.
read me the washington post headlines.
List all Whitehorse fathers-in-law birthdays
How many eggs should I use to bake a cake
Show me different fish recipes
How many nations does the US have as allies
make alarm quiet
remind me to set a appointment for a repairman in the morning.
Read the news on recent cancer studies
Concerts this weekend
Start the timer over
can i listen to the last song again
Where does my uncle work?
Please record a video message for nephew
Read me the entertainment news headliness
how many carbs in pasta
Is it going to be below 1 degrees c out there today
Nix the reminder for my 2pm racket ball game.
Get my video messages from Julia Walters and Sparks
WHAT ARE THE INGREDIENTS IN BEER DIP
Change the reminder to Call Dani to 4pm instead of 3pm
best popcorn toppings
I want to listen to Justin Bieber's latest album
Find three ingredient recipes
Switch to the incoming call from my stepchildren
search for Sade Brooks' grandpa
play Duran Duran
Text Thompson and tell him I can meet at 5.
remind me that the walking dead comes on Sunday at 7 pm
I need a new alarm for this afternoon.
can you call Mark Meyers on WhatsApp
what is the humidity level today?
Where does Andy live?
update all timers
how much time is left on timer
Temperature london Celsius
Set baby alert for 3 times a day
What's happnin'
Anything going down
skip this music please
read the headlines to me
What time is is supposed to start snowing
Set alarm for next Saturday at 5 in the afternoon.
put up a timer for one hour and one for 60 seconds
set reminder to bring side dish for peter birthday party
put 12 hours more on my Reading timer
Create an alarm for Tuesday at 3pm
What kind of chocolate is there in a chocolate cake?
How many birthdays are on the 21st?
call Dahlia 's nephew
how much time remains on my timer?
Does Chris still work for the NYS Dept. of Conservation?
celebrity gossip news please
set alarm for 9:00 am tomorrow morning
Does Will like coffee?
Can I wear sandals today
Can you find Hungry Like A Wolf by Duran Duran?
Tell me friends who work for Google.
interested in going to Moon Viewing
Play music by Prince.
Message Jim about cancelling our plans
I want to add 10 minutes to the timer
add 12 more minutes to current timer
What ingredients are in pasta salad
Can you play Hypnotize by Notorious BIG?
call Destiny Mcconnell from my Whatsapp contacts
How do I cook a medium rare steak
make a whatsapp call to Amira
When will Michelle turn 50?
Remind me to call my son's teacher to set up a meeting next week.
how old will Sue be turning
What can you tell me about Sams dad Ben?
Is Donna a CPA?
please only use pandora
At what temperature is chicken safe to eat
What is the weather in County Limerick right now
Find a recipe for sweet potato tacos
Skip this song on Amazon music.
any comedy shows to go to on saturday
Does anybody from my family live in Oklahoma City?
What are Cromuel daughters-in-law birthdays coming up?
How do I make home-made Naan bread
respond yes to WomenNow Bay Area
Please play the new Arcade Fire album.
Read top news stories
Remind me to get home at 5.
switch on an alarm for 730am please
What did that message say again?
Sports News update, please
Where does Jayson live?
show me contacts of my brother
What is the weather in St. Augustine?
How can I make pizza crust at home
Start a video message.
Repeat alarm every monday for 6am
I want to know if anyone works at Walmart.
Set the alarm every weekend to 9:30 am
Who was Gayle Kings ex husband?
Put John in the call.
continue with my Meditation ended timer
close out of timer
Concerts in NYC
Set alarm for 7 am Monday through Friday.
Set alarm for 7:30 am tomorrow.
More details on North Korea
please read me the story about china today
would you message Brianna and tell them You can release this when I’m a senator
Set an alarm to wake me up at 7 am called Work
How many grocery store reminders do I have for this month?
How long do you bake lasagna
Has any political news changed
Message Jim and tell him his drink is in the fridge.
Please play more songs like the one playing.
Who is there
find music with nature sounds in it
set a 30-minute workout timer
How many of my friends live in Boise?
Ask Kim what time is the final exam
what is a good recipe for meatloaf
Is there anything going on in Minneapolis next week
start playing Frank & Back To Black
Make a grocery alarm at 6pm today
Increase chill out timer by three hours.
New York City broadway shows in March
Switch the call to full screen only
I'd like to know crime news in my area.
do i need a jacket today?
What are the latest Cnn headlines?
Is it cloudy
Remind me to pick mom up on Sunday
What time did Mum call me?
how often does it rain in wisconsin
start family call
Get rid of the reminder about finishing up the hummus in the fridge
set timer for 3 hours
How long should I boil an egg
send that Facebook text
how do you make vegan pancakes
Get rid of the PTO meeting reminder for tomorrow
Remind me to start dinner today at 5 pm.
Temperature inside today fahrenheit
when did sally graduate from pasadena city college?
Need alarm 4pm
Get stretching timer for me.
show all of today's reminders
How much time do I have on the timer before leaving
how much snow is expected?
start stopwatch again
call Karter through whatsapp
Show me people with a Bachelor of Arts degree
could you find the words to this song
What are the ingredients in Amy's Indian style casserole
Give me a easy recipe
add 10 minutes to my weight training timer
Who all is online right now?
What date did bob start working there
Please call A Holder
I'm cooking and need a time for 45 minutes
That's enough of that alarm thanks
What temperature do we set
remind me to shop for party stuff on friday
start  video call with Joe
Remind me to cancel my fight for tomorrow evening.
Set three alarms for tomorrow: 7am 9 am and 11am
What information can you give me about Emily?
Where does Michael live?
Remind me to schedule a grocery pick-up.
Change to a different playlist please
How warm is it in Pottstown, PA today
Baltimore weather projections for September
set alarm for 6pm
What is the name of Pink's last album.
Set alarm for 6:30
set the timer for two minutes
Events being held this week
rsvp yes to the second event
Anything happening in Baltimore tomorrow
I need a timer to go off in 20 minutes
I need to know who lives in Phoenix.
I want to hear Tunnel Vision by Kodak Black.
Is there any recent breaking news about Iran?
Play Bob marley's last album
Is Kim online at the moment?
please send Tony and Jordan
decline the call coming in
Can you give me more details about the immigration crisis?
show me video messages from nana Evie
When will it snow
Please set up video message and then send it to Bella.
Change my reminders so that they show GMT instead of EST.
grab video messages from Leonardo
have i received any messages from my husband 8 October?
give me recent donald trump news
How much time has passed on the timer?
take 23 seconds off the timer
Snooze alarm for 15 minutes
RSVP no to this event
Take out Bill from this call now.
I'd like to talk with Angelica lara
video message on WhatsApp
set alarm for Saturday at 8 am
What spices do I need for beef stew
call Andrew Larsen Randolph
play Rocket Man: The Definitive Hits (Australian Tour Edition 2011) on iHeartRadio
I need a chicken parmesan recipe
Set a timer for 15 minutes for the dryer.
Message friends and tell them that I am running a flu.
What is the weather for Tuesday afternoon?
Remind me to take a break.
does Lili live in Asheville
how to i make twice baked potatoes
Where does Chelsey live?
Do I know anyone going to Feast of San Gennaro?
make an alarm for 05h10
what temperature do you cook low carb spaghetti
Do my friends have any events this weekend
What is the name of the woman killed in Charlottesville, VA
Ask Azure if the STEM group is still going to Rochester
How many friends live in Giza?
play the album True on iheartradio
Update the time on my dinner reminder to 7 pm
Tell Lu I have a table in the back
Remind me on August 8th at 9am to tell Davy about Pua's party.
play Michael Jackson songs
how long does meatloaf need to cook
send video message on Messenger
Give me a timer running for 15 minutes.
is rain in the forecast?
remind me to contact ellen about the shower arrangements in December
Ask Rob how bad the traffic is
Set an alarm for 6.45am every Wednesday.
How do I make my own yogurt
Send me weather for London.
I need to wakeup at 7am
What basketball matches are happening
whats left on the time limit?
Is there a reminder set for our house painting?
do I need an umbrella
Did Maria finished her Master degrees?
How much time left on timer
delete running timer
Set a timer for 30 minutes for the cake
news about obamas vacations
randomize the current playlist
Does Jason live in Richmond?
Is Walter self-employed now?
End the call to hospital about surgery schedule.
alarm for four minutes from now
create alarms for tomorrow morning at 7 and 9
Can you talk to me about Sophia?
i'd like to call 5550937  on my Pixel
do i know anyone who lives in north carolina
play Sum 41 on iheartradio
what is playing right now
Set a reminder for 10am
Remind me to call mom
make one timer for twelve minutes and another for 10 seconds and another for 60 seconds
Are there any nearby tornado warnings?
What is happening tonight in Boston at 10PM
Create a go to work alarm.
Remind me to get the cake out in 21 minutes.
Set timer for 22 minutes.
let me see my messages from Henry
What is Bona's job ?
Please tell me the weather on Easter Sunday in Paris
Start timer for my 30 mins training session
remind me about dentist appointment tomorrow afternoon
Should I wear flip flops?
Set a reminder to get milk
increase the alarm duration to 5 minutes
Please start call with Conner and Oscar on Whatsapp
Play some Thomas Rhett please.
change my status to not going for Sleeping Beauty Dreams
how do I make chili
Please remove Carson from the call
Make a video for Lewis
Set timer for 60 minutes.
Show reminders for this week
Play music please
What is there to do this weekend
Please tell me the weather for Wales
Which artist is this song by?
always use amazon music for music
Let me see all the alarms currently set.
Is it going to be warm today?
play Jhené Aiko on iheartradio
can you send a video message to michael now
clear any remaining reminders
set alarm for 10am Saturday and Sunday
Make an alarm for 5am
RSVP no to Planet Home
Do I know anyone in San Francisco?
Tell me weather information for California
how about the fort collins forecast
Send message to my son that he was invited to little jimmys birthday party next week
please call Catherine right away
Switch to a rock channel
begin call with Reed Lucero with WhatsApp
is a cozzy a good idea for today
Play the heavy metal channel
open iheart radio and play The Complete Collection
I don't want to oversleep for my class, so can you set my reminder for 9 am?
can you tell me how to make cream cheese wontons
remind me to get coffee after work
add my stepparents to this call
Play Alternative Endurance station
start a 1 minute timer and repeat it 10 times in a row
SKIP THIS SONG
which friend of mine is graduated from Havard.
Play songs by Ellie Goulding.
delete station
Remove the reminder for Eliot to call Bill
Make an alarm for March 3rd at 3 pm for the dentist
Tell Sally traffic is bad so I will be 15 min late
add 5 minutes to my timer
do any friends live in canada?
Remove the reminder to pick up my niece.
send that video message via Facebook
Create a reminder for Diane to clean her room today.
please set alarm for 10am
could you get this call for me
call Cecilia 's girlfriend
not going to that that event
Any news on Doctor Who?
Could you set an alarm for Friday at 10 a.m.
Did Lynn text me this week?
play some Indian
anything to get into tonight
Tell me the temperature outside
Show me video messages from Sparks via Messenger
call Samuel X
set an alarm every half hour
set alarm to go off everyday at 9:15
please phone call 555-4772 on Messenger
How much garlic powder is a clove of garlic
call Gabriel
Forecast for Devon
Events in Berkeley this weekend
Replay my most listened to track from yesterday.
Tell me how to cook spaghetti
Show sons in law birthdays
SET A REMINDER FOR MY APPOINTMENT WITH SUE ON MONDAY AT 7:15AM
dial Shaun Nguyen
Set timer for 27 minutes
what temp do you  cook steak to
How much time does my timer show for me to complete this walk
Is it true that Paul lives in Garden Grove?
Delete all my reminders for this Friday.
Who is in the news today?
Delete the reminder about the open house.
Take me to paleo recipes
what's the forecast looking like for Chicago next week?
please make a group call for my family
remind me to get a cake monday
Add a new alarm
what is the latest Donald trump news
when is dawn tomorrow
Remove all the alarms that have been set.
i want to see messages from my sister
what is the high today
what ingredients are in fried tofu taco
Tell me what reminders I have about cleaning.
call Jack one
I need to add Mom to the call
do i have friends from new york
no more alarm
Who does Li Work for?
Will it be above 60 in C for Mumbai today
Remind me to call the dentist tomorrow to make an appointment for next week.
timer needs to end
I don't want to forget to bake that cake for the party
Find my reminders for paying all of my bills for the current month
Will the weather be good this weekend in Cowes
cancel my reminder to get tacos for dinner dads cooking steaks instead.
remind me of dave's birthday on july 5th.
Play hip hop music.
Read Anthony's text to me this morning
what are video messages from niece Esteban
Tell me which friends are online right now?
all alarms off
set my status as going to Solstice Parade
Add in Margy Burtschi
Remind me to update my team about when customers will arrive next Monday.
call Beckham my father
call my Whatsapp contact Ayden Padilla
Please play Country love songs.
any parties i should check out
Where can I catch a concert this evening
How many people died in Salt Lake City today
How long do I cook a spaghetti squash for
Add an additional 10 minutes to the timer.
ping Phillip
What reminders do I have for Tuesday?
take all reminders off for next week
What are the major headlines according to Google?
Let me listen to Jeremy Zucker's latest album.
give me the address to Jasons work
Start a video chat with Maddison Donovan, Evan Cote, Hugo Guzman, and Patrick Chang
Will there be hail tomorrow?
Set an alarm every Tuesday morning
how many calories are in a slice of cheese pizza
please turn on clock for 10 minutes before 9 am
how long do i broil a steak for medium rare
do i know anybody from hawaii
Read the details about Donald Trump
Do you think I should take an umbrella today?
Add stepsisters to this call
Play me some rock & roll
Alert me 30 minutes before my dentist appointment this week.
What's going on on Tuesday night
Please set a reminder for me on Sunday night to take my laptop to work on Monday.
Have an alert for my doctors appointment on monday at 8am and 830am
Remind the office staff that the meeting has changed to 3pm on Thursday
Will there be snow between here and Nashville in the next two days
What is the calorie count in fried chicken
Send dad a message that I am currently at the grocery store and will be home shortly
find me art majors from Stanford
please begin two timers for me
Did John video call me yesterday?
Play music from my Feel Good music playlist.
Look up the weather in France
i need to change my podiatrist appointment reminder to 5pm instead of 5:30
how can I tell when ground turkey is done
Loop the current track.
What reminders do I have for thursday afternoon?
Resume the timer tomorrow
Is rain in the forecast for Philly tomorrow?
I want brother added to this call
play some gospel music
Is the weather forecast rain for the weekend?
can you please use Messenger to call Jeremiah
I want to know what alarms I have set.
Is Jack currently available to call?
Show me Tim's home address?
Temperature dublin tonight c
What is the weather on January 4th in Paracas
Concerts the week of Christmas in Boise please
Any of my friends online?
respond interested to the third event
who texted me via WhatsApp
Set a recurring alarm for the last Sunday of the month
do i have a shopping reminder
I need a Spanish recipe for rice
What events will take place in January
Can I make ravioli from scratch
Message CJ to let him know Randi's surprise party is at the community center in Shaker Heights.
Please record video message and send to milo.
How long do the coals heat up before you put on the meat
Remind me to wash the car on Saturday
Is there a chance for thunderstorms in my area?
Alert me a half hour before my call with Nickelodeon
Resume alarm
What appointment reminders do I have the next 2 weeks?
who sent me happy birthday
I want to listen to Somo radio on my pandora please
stream music through amazon music only
Hungary weather forecast.
Create an interval alarm, every 4 minutes
set an alarm for 9 tonight
any comedy shows to go to on monday
What will the temperature be like this afternoon?
Create a timer for ten minutes
are wind gusts forecast for the Gorge this weekend?
Will it reach 50 degrees tonight
Play my hiking list please
Where in Seattle does Jane live?
Set my alarm for 30 minutes.
Play the song I want you back.
Initiate an alarm on January 11th.
Can you change the alert time on that reminder from 7 to 9?
Remind me to call Paul next Wednesday afternoon at 2:00 pm.
Set me an alarm for Friday morning
List of events in Chicago next week
what was my time
FIND A GOOD RECIPE FOR BROWNIES
change my do shopping alarm to 9am
I need to check on Ashley this weekend, can you remind me to call her tomorrow?
play the top 10 country hits
give the grandfather of Justin a call
what is the temperature forecast for today/
please message the family group talk to you later
Send video message to leanne hinton please.
Check the weather for 6pm
How many cups is a stick of butter
Remind bed time alarm daily at 8:45 pm
Who do Mr. Teagle know that was born on October 14th?
What is a healthy recipe for a dessert
Set an alarm for 1 minute
Can you rewind
details about Cosby trial
call my sisters in law please
silence alarm for 6 minutes
Play me some Eminem.
call dr hungarland please
i am done talking with my brother's call
Can you please add in Abby?
Should I wear mittens?
what's the latest world news?
What volleyball games are going on this weekend in St. Louis
What is the name of this album
Accept video calls from Debra
Remind Ray to take his medication at 12 pm.
How much time is left on second timer?
How do I set a timer for 9 minutes?
Events in Texas
How long should I cook a potato on the grill
call Billie
Read me sports headlines.
will it hit Florida
Connect Madeline to this call
Ignore calls from my nieces Ria
message thank you for gift to Betty
Let’s call Mika now
as my default music app use amazon music
Tell me who Debra is
who is Brad's friend Scott?
Let me know the weather on friday
Can you get more events similar to Ghost House Opening Day please?
message cancel
There needs to be an alarm every Monday at 8.
What were the headlines yesterday
Can you bring light jackets on our vacation in Nashville, Tennessee next week
ring up Max
I need to call randy tomorrow evening, can you remind me at 5 pm .
What type of event is Tiny Living Festival?
Remove 10 minutes from the workout timer
I would like to see my next alarm
message Andrea saying Ill let you know when were free to meet
Who works in Cupertino?
any concerts in new york today
Get rid of the reminder about my cousin's event.
Can you repeat that last song?
What has happened in the news in the last hour?
Can I have the weather for next Christmas?
Reminder - get printer ink .
Change timer to go off in 10 minutes.
first item reminder for doctors appointment for Monday, August 14 at 4PM
call Javon Nicholson through whatsapp
whats going on tonight
set an alarm for marathon on 10th of June, at 7am
Weather Christmas day.
stop that call
Have Archie and Kirk messaged me today
Set another timer for 10 minutes
What's the weather like in Austin TX. today
What is the average temperature for the New England states in June?
can you please call Richard Adams on Messenger
Ask Amethyst when she plans to get to Ashley's surprise party.
shuffle DAMN. COLLECTORS EDITION.
call Frances in my Whatsapp contacts
How many countries are a part of the travel ban
Are there any Choir performances on the 24th Midnight in South Miami
how do you make ketchup
Set alarm called lunchtime at noon
Set a new timer for 10 minutes.
How much cheese do I add to this mac and cheese recipe
send a Facebook text
respond yes to Who Gets to Make History? The Story of Monuments and Statues
Who is this some by
i want to start a call with lisa
i would like to message Lucy via Facebook that happy birthday
remind me of my dentist appointment on Saturday
What temperature is roast cooked at
could you call the partner of Greyson
List the days that have temp higher than 50 degree this week
Message Michelle asking when she will get here
Will it rain in Elysburg, PA today?
Did John message me on Friday?
Does Liz live in New York city
What are the headlines on the New York Times
Things to do next Friday
Remind me at midnight to call Jane.
Any concerts next week
What spices do I need for tacos
call Kaley Martorella 's granddaughter
Is Sarah's birthday in August?
Message Samantha to be careful because it started raining hard.
What is the humidity today
Are any of my friends going to Los Angeles Interactive Conference 2019?
What is my next email reminder?
Set an alarm that repeats at 5pm and 6pm on Tuesdays for 5 weeks.
Create alert called dough proofing for 1 hour from now.
Downtown Deland events starting after 10 pm this weekend
What is the forecast for Brooklyn on Wednesday?
Show all my medical reminders
when did amanda go to wneu
produce the news headlines?
WHAT IS THE WEATHER DOING
change my reminder for an oil change to thursday
how do I make pie
Pause the work timer
I need to know what the weather will be like over the weekend
When is the carpet cleaning reminder
reset stopwatch
How many calories are in a slice of mozzarella cheese
read details of Charlottesville
Set the alarm for daily at the same time.
When is it supposed to stop raining
Add a reminder for blood work from Wednesday at 9am
I need you to tell me when the second event starts
what are my reminders for this evening
I need you to send that message via WhatsApp
Who graduated from BUE last year?
Delete my existing alarms
Play some creed
set an alarm for 30 minutes
Anything cool happening in Springfield tomorrow
call Charlie Hill right away
alarm at 5:45am
WHAT ARE THE CELEBRITY NEWS UPDATES
What temperature does the oven need to be on
Remind me to check the weather Friday to see if the cookout's still on.
Which articles are related to this article
Start a 22 minute timer and call it pizza
Send a message to Asus telling him to prepare the handouts before the 9am meeting.
Start dialing Mary
search for music events in los angeles
add a ten minute timer
show me all my reminders for sophie in Massachusetts this week
how many calories in Flounder
Remind me to turn off the stove
Set alarms for 5am and 2pm
Is it rainy on Wednesday
Set a reminder to meet my friends from church for dinner tonight at 6pm
phone a sister
readers choice headline
How many calories are in  beef stew
end call immediately
how much my timer do i have left on my timer
Remind me to get groceries at 12pm.
Is Donald Trump in Washington today
Delete my next 3 alarms
How many people are online right now?
Who works at the movie theater?
Tell me some local news headlines
Snooze alarm for 5 minutes
Is it raining in Seattle?
Go to another song.
show me all reminders i have that include calli in them
Show the event reminders for this weekend.
How long is the timer set for the chicken?
show me more events that are similar to Eat Drink Play Los Gatos
Call Billy's cell number
Please play sorry by Justin bieber
Add a message to the group that the meeting is changed to 6:30 tonight
is there dairy in salad dressing
pause current song
Where does  Mark work?
Weather for the 8th June please.
I want to hear the newest album from Taylor Swift
show me the recipe for meatloaf
Are there any storms headed my way this week?
Remind me to shoot an email to Theresa  about the meeting tonight
How do I cook deer
Can I retrieve all messages sent to Telina in the last year?
Sports events happening in San Jose today
How many people do I know in Philadelphia?
What's the weather like in Brooklyn
Set a 4:30 AM alarm for every weekday.
Does John have 21 years old or more?
Remind me to check for Yosemite Reservations on February 10th.
message Sofia and tell her that Ermagerd He and I were just checking that out the other day
What is the best marinade for Salmon
remind me to take the berries out of the freezer 15 minutes before my last alarm tomorrow
start the time over
how many calories are in a scoop of ice cream
I need a recipe for enchiladas with chicken
What is the temperature outside right now?
I don't want to miss Murder She Wrote at 5 pm on Thursday. Can you remind me at 4:30 pm. Scenario 1,Set up
Anyone with a degree from FAMU
show me who Katie Kipson's mom is
make a reminder for august 14th
Give me news updates.
set a homework timer of 45 minutes
Dinner party reminder that is suppose to go off in 30 minutes needs to be removed now please.
any important news
Reset the timer for 10 more minutes
video call with Brandon Tara
Please play new Country music.
what is the weather like outside now?
Resume timer.
Fun things to do in Schenectady
remind me to leave 15 min before my appointment
Tell me who's friends with my sister
i need a 6 minute timer
Should I use tequila for Margarita cocktail
What's the weather like in Tanzania?
delete this song from my playlist
Restart the foot soak timer.
what temperature to cook meats
Begin playing Spotify
set my status as going to Planet Home
Please give me a good headline
Play my music
create an alarm for 4 hours and 10 minutes from this second
Remind me to send an email to Jessie on Friday at 11am.
how old is ben
Get my video messages from the closest buddies group
How do I make a perfect over easy egg
Have an alarm today at 6pm
call Elaina Baxter with Messenger please
Is there anything to do downtown tonight
do i have any missed video calls from today
Cancel any alarms that I have set
Ask Jon where he is.
set timer for twenty minutes
Play some Gothic Metal music.
set my status as maybe for Hillside Bar Trivia Night
Get my video messages from Anna and Samantha
what's going on next week
give me a timer that will last 2 hours
Make a call to Gita.
what's the weather like in alabama
How many tablespoons in a common stick of butter
share the news
Read me all my sales appointment reminders for Wednesday.
Please remind me to respond to my emails tonight.
place a call to Jeremiah, Dalton, Dakota and Paulina
Things to do in Detroit in April
tell me where Ahmed live.
Record a video message for Jacqulyn Yeates.
Make an alarm called 'get up now!' for 6am
Remind me to send a birthday message to Alex tomorrow at noon.
What internal temperature does chicken need to be cooked
go ahead and call Victor
Please play rap
Hang up Trang now on this call
What was my last message yesterday?
What is the latest news about the US/Mexico border?
play Nine in the Afternoon on iHeartRadio
How many days this week will it rain?
remind me I need to pick up coffee today!
WHAT I NEED FOR FESENJOON
play Slick Rick on iheartradio
Is Mum online?
Hang up the call with John
When is the reminder for flight next week?
Who works at the local Toyota Dealership?
Have i texted my mother today?
Pause my countdown timer
Is Sabrina online at the moment?
Delete all reminders about attending the counseling appointments.
try giving a call to Brandon Saint
Remind me to get two bottles of water.
When is Bill Cosby's next court date
I would like to listen to 70's rock
Cancel the reminder to make lasagne tomorrow.
Friends of Carol.
Remind me about Tony's birthday next week
Set the alarm to go off every 10 minutes
text Mini Mouse and Everett that happy new years
hang up the phone
what year did abby start medical school
who lives in ohio
Telephone stepbrother
Turn off the timer
please send John a Messenger video message
Set up 'Funeral' alarm for June 2nd at 3 p
Call Ezekiel Daxton Farley for me
Could you remind me to go to Bennie's house before Big Johnnie gets there on Saturday night.
what is the best way to cook fish
Events in Miami
How cold is it at Beijing in degree fahrenheit
Say thanks to Sherry
change to next track
call Delilah my sibling
I would like to send that Facebook text
WHAT ARE THE DETAILS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP FIRING HIS STAFF?
Play My Fight Song
Are there any serial killers on the loose
give me the afternoon weather
call Arturo Malika Haydal 's spouse
Exit Spotify
weather for Abingdon on Thames
don't answer this call please
i want to create a group call
delete the reminder about my doctor appointment
Set an alarm for Friday, please
Display Nola grandmas birthdays on the screen
What is Steven's number?
Tell me the latest news on The Washington Post
Who is available now
set timer for twenty seconds
call my friend Andy Nelson on WhatsApp
Any rugby match coming up
get me my video messages from my partner Marlee
How do you make your own almond milk
tell me who was employed at Microsoft
Start a video call with my bro.
call Mario Lindsey WhatsApp
is a storm coming?
I'd like you to show me some more gaming events
read all of the reminders i have set up for this week
How many calories are in brownies
set the alarm for a 6 am wake up
Get me recipes from Zanzibar
Which person won the big race yesterday?
F temperature
Who works in Seattle
Did any of my friends go to Harvard?
remind me to buy items tomorrow
delete the reminder about picking up James
create a reminder next year on october 1st to think of halloween costume
Build an alarm for tomorrow at 5pm and 6pm
show me the housing market headlines
can you please send message to Brieanna and Matthew
Please start a call in an hour with Mike
Any concerts this week
Start video call with uncles
I'm no longer interested in Gardening for Biodiversity in a Climate Crisis
End call for now.
turn off timer
what is the recipe for arroz con pollo
Set a reminder for the movie with Alex this Friday.
Show me the forecast for northern france.
create a playlist: Channel X
can you give me details about Trump's visit to Mexico?
Would you add in Fletcher Swensson?
Temperature inside tomorrow morning Fahrenheit
Add 20min to the alarm so I can get more rest
create a conference call reminder to all my subornants.
Set timer for 23 minutes.
Can we do an video call with the Salsa group on Whatsapp
Weekend weather forecast
will it snow in barstow today
Remind me to grab my direct deposit information before I leave the house.
I need to submit my project, remind at 1 pm
Should I expect any rain today
Who lives in Ithaca?
Text Kim and tell her there is a lot of ice on the roads, so I will be running 10 minutes late.
Remind me to pick up the dry cleainng before they close.
Set alarm for 6 pm tomorrow night
Modify my alarm to 8pm
what is the weather locally
reply with message on Messenger
please dial Addisyn Paul right away
change my status to not going for Burning Man
How long will it be raining today?
Will there be rain in Bernheim Forest Area next weekend
call Francene Haldane 's father
should I be concerned about this area flooding over the next few days?
Did Tom graduate from Jacksonville
Play me jazz music on pandora
Change the time on the reminder for picking up Jason from 4pm to 6pm on Tuesday
please start recording the video message for Charlene Gabbin
play Paper Planes on iHeartRadio
how many calories in a bowl of miso soup
ask Matt if he wants to join this call
How do I tell if a chicken is done
Anyone around online?
What is the temperature in Granger, Iowa right now?
What's the weather like in Swindon?
How many scoops do you put into coffee maker
Can you tell me anything about Bob?
Set a reminder for Friday at 7:00 pm.
Remind me about lunch at 1pm
Set nap alarm for 3pm
Give me a news update on Russia
Has Barriere Camellia messaged me today?
start playing Stoney
Set a reminder to pick Robert up at 2pm.
i want a 'wake up call' alarm for tomorrow morning
Show me the online status of Kevin
set my timer to 60 mins?
Set an alarm for 9 AM Saturday
what is the temperature going to be today at Disney?
Remove the reminder to call the answering service.
how many seconds do i have left
Are there any volleyball matches happening soon
Festivals in Raleigh this month
Give them a call
start playing WBHP 1230 on iHeartRadio
I want you to set a timer for one hour
Has the marketing team chat messaged me since last weekend
message my friends that there is a fundraiser going on at RuffHouse Rescue and they can donate
What have they forecast for this Monday?
Remind me to feed the dogs today
Pull up the first 2 reminders for next week/
Play some Rage Against the Machine.
Remove the reminder to go on a bike ride
What weather is expected this Friday at 8pm?
please dial Ryann Small right away
Change reminder to purchase school supplies from Tuesday to Thursday
Hang up the call.
Will Seattle host any top tier musical talent in 2018
Start the timer in 2 hours
Am I going to need a jacket downtown Portland tonight?
How many inches of snow did we get?
Are any of my friends going to Trash Party?
Look for vegan mac and cheese recipes
What are my reminders for the week.
time left till timer goes off?
let's start recording a video message for Joelle Dechellis
Create an alarm named appointment for friday at 10am
How is the weekday weather looking?
set timer to go off in one hour
How long was my commute to work this morning
Tell me what reminders I have so far concerning accommodations for the convention next month in Huntsville.
Read me the details about the OJ Simpson trial.
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 5.
add thirty seconds to my timer
Is a war about to happen
remind me at wish my friend tomorrow
will it be hot today?
Send out a reminder to Lori, Lisa,and Michelle to meet and discuss the team breakfast scheduled for September 5.
What is Donald Trumps current approval rating
when is sunset
What are some recent sports headlines?
contact Reagan Webster with Messenger
How many dog reminders do I have today?
Tell me this weekend's weather in Blackpool
Drop the call from sally
what is the cooking temperature for a rare hamburger
Read me the recent sports headlines?
How to make homemade pot pie
What is the weather like for Florida?
call Steven and Matthew
show me text
Set an alarm for every 10 minutes for 90 minutes.
Remind me of the stuff I have planned this week
i want to touch base with Katelyn Patton
I want to hear today's entertainment news
Play kids bop music
Give me information about the news in my state.
will you fix a timer
What is the 10-day forecast?
what is the today's weather forecast in chicago city
too busy now
Need to pick up flowers before Brianna's party on saturday; set a reminder at  4PM.
set timer for 2 min 30 sec
What is the temperature in Afghanistan?
please set reminder to send happy birthday message to clark on friday
What was the time of the call from my wife
Set an alarm for 10 minutes from now
skip the song that is playing
Do I need an umbrella when I go out tonight?
How hot is it in Australia
Please send message to Julie asking her where the festival is at this weekend.
how much sugar do i use for pickling
Saturday afternoon what will the forecast be?
can you show las vegas review - journal live news
news about south china sea dispute
Set an alarm for 2 minutes thanks sexy
Who graduated from U W Oshkosh in Wisconsin?
jared kushner russian news
What is going on in Chicago tonight
Is it around 4 in F mumbai tomorrow
what's the weather fixing to be at nine
I need to take the earlier flight to LA will you remind me 5 hours earlier
Display text messages from my siblings
How do I get egg shells out of food
Tell me how to make wheat bread
What is the weather in Houston?
Do you know the name of the album this song is from?
What type of event is Autumn Moon Festival?
Only use pandora as my music app
Can you remind me about my test tomorrow morning at 7am.
What concerts are going on in Long Beach this weekend
call Jazmin 's granddaughter
what's the weather going to be at 8?
How many minutes do I have until my timer rings?
show me all US news headlines
Skip current song
play Music for Sleeping: Thunderstorm and Rain Sounds on Spotify
Find august alsina
Which of Kerry Austin fathers in law have birthdays coming up?
Find me an French recipe
Set a reminder about my wife's flight coming in in the afternoon.
WILL IT RAIN TODAY?
please call my nephew
any rain in vanuatu
Delete Enya play list
Update my reminder to take my kids to karate at 10 am instead of 11 am.
show my message
is the timer finished
Do eggs go into the cornbread recipe
Remove the reminder to bring cupcakes to cooking class on Saturday.
alarm set for 7 am
Set timer for 2 hours.
I want to hear showtunes.
cancel the egg timer
adjust timer to 20 minutes
create two new alarms for me, one for 12am and one for 5pm
Did I have a reminder from work yesterday?
start a timer for 30 minutes
take my dad out of this call
find out if crystal is available to talk
whats happening on saturday
I need a 2pm alarm
Can you show me more events please?
Has Robert ever worked for HEB?
Turn my alarm on for 6am.
What will the weather be like at 5pm on Christmas Day
When did I video chat with Sally?
how do I thaw ground beef fast
News updates on North  Korea
who is leah
What ingredients do I need to make some chocolate chip cookies
share with me a news from today that is worth knowing
Set a timer to go off in 4 hours
weather in my town
respond to Joy with a video message
get the timer to take a break
remove all alarms on sundays
Tell Robert to start the message tree. The car wash has been cancelled because of rain.
How to make almond milk
Play the Alabama Shakes in Spotify.
Are you going to the wedding? When will you arrive
Will you send a video message to my sister?
Delete my reminder for the 4 pm interview appointment for tomorrow
Any new details on the Taylor Swift case?
call Aubree 's sister
friends of my sister
message to mom that aunt mary's dinner is on saturday at 5
play Cinderella soundtrack
Remind me to add Davian's dental
Switch my voice call to video call
What are our reminders for Saturday?
Is there a way to make a cake without an oven
why not the weather
would you message Minerva and Ned
Find me an easy pasta recipe, please
skip forward two minutes
weather on 12/15/2017
i want to leave Samantha a video recording
Message Ron for me and say I'll be outside in 5 minutes
How many minutes until the timer beeps?
How hot is it today in New York degrees Celsius
where are my alarms?
Play me something that sounds like Madonna
recipe for sugar cookies gluten-free
Show me all my alarms for the week
Repeat this song one more time
What's the hourly forecast for tomorrow
set alarm for 5 am Monday through Friday
I want to see family-friendly events
put the call from tom on hold
Every week for the next month I want a 6am and 7am alarm on Fridays.
who texted me via Facebook
Tell me who Shawn is.
repeat the song again
set a reminder that Friday is payday
read me some latest news
invite mom and and dad to call
weather for monday
call Nikolai through whatsapp
What can I make with eggs, flour, ham, noodles, cheese, and onions
Tell me who works for Appen?
set the timer for 12 years please
who works in palo alto
Remind me at 4:30pm.
can you please send message to the anime group
Create an alarm that goes off at 6.45pm the following friday
Please play " My Songs" playlist on spotify
What time did Simon call me ?
call Gunner Burns on video in Whatsapp
What is the forecast this weekend?
Is there any recent news that's not about war
what's the weather tomorrow at cocoa beach
Cancel my reminder to meet Lily tomorrow night
recipe for curry roasted carrots
Initiate video call with my friends Emilie, Bennett, Mallory, and Ezekiel on Slack
Make a new alarm that goes off biannually at 6 pm
can you please create an alarm for next monday
Restart my time
List all social media reminders for the next 8 days.
open Pandora and play Nirvana on shuffle
text Lukas Yeah Cant wait to see you guys :D
ask Martha what date the June Gloom concert is happening
Set alarm for an hour from now
Set timer to 10 seconds
Temperature tomorrow morning dublin f
I need to cook dinner early tomorrow. Can you remind me at 4 pm?
Play study music
Cancel reminder for tomorrow
what is spaghetti made of
start playing Stoney (Deluxe)
give me the latest news from Washington
I would like to only use amazon
Where do most of my reminders take place?
engage alarm
Change the call to video.
grab texts from mother Skye
Tell me about the national news headlines.
I'd like to know the name of this album.
Delete my reminder to send a gift to Brent, it's already done
play WSVO radio
Give me the latest news on North Korea
Set an alert for 10 minutes before the meeting on Thursday.
who texted me via WhatsApp
dealt my remider about buying the cake on saterday
List friends of Brian
play the 2022 Last Week Tonight With John Oliver
set an alarm for 3 minutes
Remind James and Laura to leave at 2:10 for the meeting
Delete at the swimming lesson reminders.
where is pat currently employed
It was so hot that I could not take more than 10 minutes outside
what alarms do I have right now
Call uncle at home
Ask mom to answer her phone
Go back one two songs
What's the news about the car ramming protesters incident in Virginia recently?
What time is left on the alarm.
How much protein is in a chicken breast
can you show the daily newyorker live news
get time left on the laundry timer
Has Cole Gohr sent me anything?
how many teaspoons of sugar is added in a banana shake
Play George Jones.
Find whatever reminder I have from my dad
Should I bring a jacket for my trip to Seattle this weekend?
Tell me the news headline for NBA
Do I know anyone who lives in spanaway?
Play the most popular songs of today.
remove twelve minutes from Reading timer
Where does OJ Simpson live currently?
New stories on the  12th space mission?
What's Chris's address?
any contacts online
What's the weather prediction for tomorrow?
Is it foggy this morning
Set a reminder to pick up hairspray.
invite granny to call
get me whomever is available
Play U2.
call Ezekiel Macdonald through whatsapp
events in honolulu
Add a repeating alarm for Thursday mornings at 8am.
Ask Liam to delete me from NJ blues
Call Genny
Move the reminder to Tuesday
PLEASE READ DETAILS ABOUT THE CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
let me see video messages from my niece Makayla
Call Josh
repeat the alarm every day
Please remind me to paint the house this Thursday at 8 am; set an alert to start 2 hours before
Shut that alarm off.
set my status as not going for C-ID Night Market
Set a work alarm tomorrow for 5am tomorrow.
Remind me to get a birthday present before John's birthday
how hot is the weather in dubai?
call Christina Harvey
hang up Gunnar
make an alarm for 04h30
set timer for 16 seconds
call Oscar two
please add 10 minutes to timer
Cancel the reminder about the movie on August 2nd.
read me recent news in st augustine
I want to make an alarm for 6am Monday.
Would you please tell me how much time is left on this timer?
Add stepmoms to current phone conversation
What reminders did I set for work on Labor Day weekend what's my schedule for that specific job for the weekend?
Please remove Jason from the call
make an alarm for 24h15
Show me Tiny Feno mothers birthdays
set a reminder to call mom tonight
give me an news update on charlottesville
Tell me who is online
How long have you studied at MIB?
Remind my son to pick up his uniform
New alarm at 11
Show all of my reminders.
I need to change my alarm
Show me reminders for Thursday
Breaking world news please
Change status to unavailable
Please tell me what is the weather in Paris, France
Please read me details on Anderson Cooper's last reports.
Friends of Molly.
I need a recipe for cookies
give Christopher Thomas's mom a call
current time left
Ask Lauren if she needs a ride to the game.
set this call as video only
how much time is left on  timer?
make a new alarm for 1 o'clock Tuesday
Play Frank Ocean's album for me.
Does Jessica live in New York?
Can i add vanilla to pancakes
call Dylan 's aunt
remind me to call tim after work tomorrow at 6pm
End the call because i do not want to talk anymore
Tell me the weather conditions for this afternoon
Cancel my reminder to walk the dog
can you please send message to the code blue group
who sings It Just Comes Natural
Send call to Aaron
Water to rice ratio
Is there a monsoon warning for Phoenix this week?
ring dad's phone
remind me to call my mom tomorrow 830 am
Will I need sunscreen in Miami Saturday or will it be overcast?
What is the recipe for Tres Leches Cake
Revise the alarm to tomorrow
What's the New York Times headline?
i have to call them
Include Dad to call
Has Alice ever worked at this company before?
message Liyi, Jim and Daniel something that says are you free
Let Jeff know that the Amtrak is running late.
Any news on Syria?
hang up Izabella
What is the temperature in Spokane?
Remind me to submit my essay by 5pm
what is the temperature going to be friday
Things to do on Sea Island Next Friday Night
Cancel party reminder on Sunday
I want replies from Greg today
GAMES OF THRONE REMINDER
what to do in boston on christmas
Please remind me to do grocery shopping at 6PM tonight.
Call grandmothers.
cancel the timer for Greenleaf
how long did I run
what time did i call dad?
I want to set a timer for thirteen minutes
Play Queen Under Pressure
remind me to call dad at 5pm
Has Beyonce had her twins?
Will it snow later this afternoon?
Does Peter live in Los Angeles?
Share Psychedelics and Social Justice with Emery
When did John attend Millsaps?
tell me more about who raquel is
play song
What is the temperature going to be this evening
Display my reminders for this week in regards to the girls scouts
I want to see Whitehorse mommies upcoming birthdays
How do I make a gluten free cake
how many grams is two cups of chocolate chips
Delete a current alarm.
How much snow will Milwaukee get?
message denise to say let's relocate to okc village library
remove my reminder to send an email to my handyman.
Do i have any friends attending BYU?
i want to leave Emily a video recording
Skip ahead two tracks
set a timer for the cake
Show me reminders about all my dates this week.
Start the timer now.
I want to send a video message to Karen
Add to Pandora
call Francy Carrol Briggs
Ready today's Orlando Sentinel's headlines?
Set an alarm at 9am to take the bins out
play another track
can i cook chicken medium rare
What are the headlines today?
what kind of onions tastes good with steak
call Kevin Potter from my Whatsapp contacts
hang up to end the call
Could you tell me the weather in Paris?
What's the forecast for Easter in Scotland
play Latino
video calling on
I want to hear some classical please
please repeat last song
respond to Adam with a video message
Cancel all future timers
Things to do in Clevleland next weekend
Cancel school meeting reminder next week on friday
Move the event reminder to Sunday.
call Ana L
Local news please.
Switch to new incoming call
Who is Adam?
change the call to video call
Call Goldie now
show me a spicy chicken recipe
call My aunt Zackary Conley and my mother Angelo
Should I expect fog this evening?
Trump Russia news
I don't want to miss the bus at 3pm tomorrow , can you alert 15 minutes before
Tell me when Unicorn starts
are more thunderstorms coming
how to bake a chicken
Tell me what food festivals will be going on in September for Des Moines
Any of my family graduate from Yale?
Music events in Lynchburg this weekend
Can you send a video message to my friends
play the song Summer
Remind me to buy my books for psychology class before August 20th.
What is the longest event tonight
Check and see if Mike wants to go to a cooking class with me tomorrow night at 8pm.
follow bon iver
Should I pack a sweater tomorrow?
sound alarm at 5h15
i want to link brady to this call
Does CNN have any news regarding climate control?
please read the recipe
Ring spouse's cell
change my next alarm
What type of weather is in Spain?
go to fox news
did scaramucci get fired?
Schedule a timer
What time are they calling for thunderstorms?
Things to do in Portland this weekend please
I dont want miss the doctors appointment, at 2 pm ,can you remind me 10 mins early.
Delete reminder for my brother's family dinner next Saturday evening.
set a timer for an hour at 8 pm.
Can you tell me the temperature?
cancel this timer please
movies playing tonight
Okay, cancel my reminder about Papa's party tomorrow.
Set my alarm for 1pm and then 8pm
set reminder for dr apointment
make a whatsapp call to Raegan
Remind me to buy present for Ann on Saturday.
display my texts from Calvin
Text Steve that I wont be at the next meeting
DM my husband and let him know that I'll be at the Concert In The Park at Orangecrest until about 8:30 pm.
Delete my reminder about Saturday's garage sale.
Remind me to pick up orange juice after the movie today
Share that first event with Molly
Play me some Selena Gomez on Spotify
who works at water works
call Isabelle 's boyfriend
Is their rain in the forecast today?
How long is it going to rain for today
give my brother a call
please snooze my next alarm
Do there happen to be any reminders for next Monday at 3 PM?
set Jessica to active
Set up reminder to get oil change wednesday.
call Julianna 's auntie
Set two reminders for that. One in the morning and one in the evening.
Who do I know that went to truck driving school?
remind to visit the eye doctor on thursday
Stop dinner timer.
Delete my reminder about Southwest Airlines.
how many carbs is in 100g of banana
Reset time on Time OUT timer.
play some George strait
Please, delete the reminder about calling my brother tomorrow morning
play the album Frank & Back To Black on iheartradio
Can you give me some details about who Lisa is?
i would like to message Jeff on Messenger that happy new years
Make an alarm that repeats every Friday at 11am.
how long do I need to put thin steak under the grill for
Do I need to bring my umbrella to work tomorrow?
Create and alarm for 6am.
Ring Jack for me.
try give Espinosa Nancy a call
setup alarms for every hour on the hour.
Reshuffle song selections
go to iheartradio and play WQXR-FM
Can you start a new timer?
Add 3 minutes to the microwave timer
Will I need an umbrella tonight?
hang up Leonel Pam Cantrell
play the song Love Yourself
what's yesterday's headlines?
What  temperature is a turkey when done cooking
Give me a five minute timer.
Tell me who works for a printing company
remind me to call work in an hour
What alarms do I have set for Tuesday?
Set up a reminder during week at 5pm for swimming classes during August.
Message Josh asking where the hotel is located and what time I should be there.
Is the event in PA
How many calories are in chicken fried steak
Remind me to take out the gargade.
show me latest news from MSNBC
recurring alarm for 7pm every Wednesday
does lily work at costco
lets see my video messages from my auntie
Make me an alarm for May 29th.
Show all Kallie grannies upcoming birthdays
How many teaspoons of sugar do I add in peanut butter fudge
Please delete my 7 am timer
do I need measure ingredients for a recipe
Set reoccurring alarm for six am for Monday through Friday.
Has the graduation thread messaged me since Tuesday
last playlist again
Get rid of any reminders for the bus tour this coming weekend
Play Madonna's top hits
Weather tempreture at 11.30pm.
i want to hear kaskade's most recent album
remind my cheerleading group that we have practice saturday evening
Find me assorted seasonings
create reminder to get butter asap
I kind of hate this song
Should I pack light or heavy for the camping trip this weekend?
i need an update on election news
Set my timer for 15 minutes
end and swap to new call
What ingredients are in a mole sauce
What friend is from Seattle?
How much is a stick of butter
End walk timer
text Ravi and Lola that sounds good
What does Leslie like to do?
How to make a cake without egg
Share Po' Boy Pop-Up with John
Will it be 90 tomorrow
invite Cobbe on this call
please play some music
Tell me the reminder when the electrician would come over next week.
turn on H.E.R.
will it snow tonight?
I'm done with the call now
Tell Reggie we canceled the party tomorrow
Read yesterdays mesages
What temperature do I cook a turkey
Set timer for two minutes
When is ninth sunset
message a video to Dylan
Show me reminders for 5 pm on Thursday
Play some old Janet jackson songs
Please add this song to my Car playlist.
video call Brandon Saint
Delete reminder to buy dog food
What is the temperature for Barcelona, Spain?
Do I need a coat this morning?
Set timer for 3 hours.
what's the temp?
What is the latest news on the debt ceiling solutions?
What's the weather like?
show me Bobby Flay brunch recipes
List of concerts in LA next week
Turn to the pop channel on google play music
Who called me yesterday?
Give me a repeating alarm for every Thursday at 6.
Shuffle the next five songs, please.
answer the call if its my mom
Give me the forecast for the morning of 18th may.
What is the forecast for Sunday?
what time is the dawn on saturday
call my Whatsapp contact Amaya Trujillo
I want to hear Beethoven's 7th Symphony. Bernstein only.
I want an alarm set for tomorrow morning.
What's it like out
current news in india
i want to leave Samuel a video recording
Should I drain the pasta before mixing in the sauce
is Alexander a boy ?
Create a reminder to go to the doctor Next Tuesday at 2 pm
How long did I set the timer?
Remind me to call Mark, a 3pm eastern time
Set a bed alarm for 2am
Show me reminders that I have for today.
What ingredients are in Caesar dressing
leave this call to switch
Remind me of appointment with Dr. Khan on August 20.
Please list the people who work at Solix
Who just got online?
I need an alarm for in the morning
Concerts in Dallas this month
In what season can I expect there to be hurricanes in Miami
provide more details about girls dying in police pursuit who were young kids
please dial mommy
show me a list of my son's friends
I like theater
Load my timer.
Does any of my friends live in Miami?
I want to call Samantha right away
Start a 12-minute meditation timer.
Has Trump been impeached
Have I set up a reminder for Jude's party?
What's the latest news in Hollywood
Set a reminder to turn oven off in 3 hours
Set up a reminder for my brother to contact the realtor tomorrow at 11am.
what is the 8 day forecast
How long do I cook baked ziti
What's happening in Brunswick tomorrow night
Remind me to change the oil in my car in 6 weeks.
How many calories in a piece of chocolate cake
start call to mommy
Can I listen to that song over and over?
who's in Maine that I know
Delete my reminder for lunch tomorrow.
List Logan O Dads upcoming birthdays
What mutual friends to Tom and I have?
remind me to call eric back later tonight
is that enya?
Play playlist 6
What time is my next reminder at?
Subtract 30 minutes from my timer
What's the warmest day this week?
set a 30 second timer and a three hour timer and three hour timer
How long do I fry chicken
Create a holiday alarm for 8am please.
How much sugar should I use
Keep reading that message.
Set alarms for 6am and 6.30am every Tuesday
Reminder casting call September 9
Set an alarm for leave for work for everyday 8am
call Pedro using Whatsapp video chat
I cannot talk right now
Make a voice call to Tsvetina
please repeat the last song
Initiate call with my friends Marissa, Jakob, Rachel, and Ross on Discord
Waht is the correct temperatue for boiling eggs
Send a message to Candace that it was great meeting her yesterday and that I would love to go to coffee on Tuesday.
List my friends working at Phillips company
Favorite this song for me
I do not want to be bothered
Home made pizza recipes
Remind me to get the flu shot on October 1, 2018
this weekends forecast please
Remind me to head to Tokyo from Osaka October 16.
dial 555-7533
set a 7am alarm for tomorrow
List Von Uncles upcoming birthdays
remove my cousin Patrick from this call
Is it below 56 in degree f here today
Read details about Disney streaming service article
Set a reminder to make the phone call
Please play Bohemian Rhapsody
Who sang that last song?
What are the ingredients in tartar sauce
please change my Walk dog timer
remind me to leave the house by 2:30
where does phillip work at
call Londyn Steele call Rowan Salinas in Whatsapp
send thank you message to my sister.
call my beautiful partner
Create an alarm for 6 and 7pm tonight
What events are going on tomorrow
turn off video call
set a 8 minute timeout timer
Set me an alarm for the 1st of June, at 7am.
WhatsApp call Justin
please send the apartment maintenance thread message
Cancel this call
call Guillermo Hernandez via WhatsApp
call Whatsapp Isaac Barnett
Can you read current news headlines regarding world news
Let's make a call with cake group on Whatsapp
leave a call to answer new call
What is a healthy weekly menu for kids
send a message to my siblings that says happy new years
I want Spotify to stop now
List My Reminders for Next Monday
Add my dad and my sister to this video chat.
what is the tropical weather update?
Friends of my aunt.
Cancel alarm for bedtime
Snooze the alarm for 10 minutes
Stop alarm.
call math teacher
Is there a thunderstorm watch?
add alarm on saturday at 8:30
Anything in San Francisco this weekend
Email needed for Alexandra Zane
does the orchestra play tonight in sf
what ingredients do i need to make waffles
Pause song.
Remind me on Friday morning that two packages are supposed to arrive that day.
Set 10 minute timer to start in 1 hour
Text Dan back that the Library opens at noon tomorrow, not eleven.
Make alarms for 6am and 7am and 8am
I need you to set an alarm for 1PM.
set an alarm for 7 am weekdays
Show all my pet reminders.
Easy vegan recipes
Is it around 49 in degree F out there
When is my next alarm?
Show me who is online now.
Update on the weather for 4:00pm please
open iheartradio and play WHTZ.
set a new alarm for Wednesday at 8am
Tell me what is going on in Tampa next month
How old is Nick?
play me some rap music right now
message aunt rosi and ask her if she can attend the baptism
timer stop
Ignore the call from Mom.
Did any of my friends go to Concordia ?
Message Ruth and tell her I am on the way from my current location.
i would like to message a message to my siblings
Start my timer.
Remind me about my lunch date at 12:00 pm with co-workers on Friday.
Keep this song on repeat until I tell you to stop.
set my status as going to this event
Remove the alert for baking cookies for the bake sale on Friday
Read me all messages sent between 8 AM and 12 PM.
show me Manuel's work location ?
What should I see next week in Mt Dora
what is cnn latest news story
Play the new Haim song.
recommend events that are family friendly
Remind me of appointment at 3 PM
Play John Legend latest album
Should I bring a hat
Please snooze my alarm again
Display all choir reminders from yesterday?
How do you make roux for gravy
please send Paul on Facebook that talk to you later
Create a monthly alarm for 8pm on the 16th
Friends of Adelaide's
What's the latest political news
Should I bring an umbrella to the game tonight?
what is on the local news for today
Oak Glen events for next week
what is the weather going to be like this weekend?
call Evelyn cell
remind me to buy office supplies
When is my reminder for apple picking?
set an alarm for 5pm on tuesdays
will I need to shovel snow in the morning
What's a good cookie recipe
Can you deliver a video message to Johnny today?
How many calories in Almond milk
Friends of Wesley.
introduce timer that will last seven seconds
SET A TIMER FOR 8 HOURS
Remove my reminder for dinner on Wednesday.
I want you to tell me when this event begins
Do you know who went to UNLV?
Is it hot enough to fry an egg on the pavement today?
Can you remind us that the concert is this Saturday night?
How long has Cindy's current employment been?
Does Michelle Obama have any siblings?
WHAT TIME IS SUNRISE TOMORROW
set timer at 4 minutes
delete 10 minutes from my timer
Can you check if Neil is online at the moment?
What is the best way to cook scrambled eggs
what's the latest news on Korea?
get me video messages from Archer
Where is the reminder for Tanya's party on Sunday?
Weather for this sunday afternoon
remove all the reminders about calling mark about the job fair
what is the current temperature in Denver
change the playlist
Are we getting snow?
Will I need to wear a coat today?
Does Chicken Alfredo have milk in it
Remind me to set the DVR to record Teen Mom tomorrow
Please give me Tara's home address
I'd like to call my cousins Gary and Tom right now
Can you add more time to my timer?
is there snow today?
text talk to you later to Jack and Robert
What temperature do you cook a steak at
What time is my alarm set for monday?
Read the weather out to me.
What will the humidity be today?
How many friends does troy have?
will roast dry out if cooked to long
Read recent news headlines
tell me availability
I need to stop the conversation
How much baking powder do you substitute for baking soda
Is it going to be below 8 in degrees Celcius at Boston today
how long do i cook a pork tenderloin
let's invite Mom to the call
Remind me to turn in my assignment tomorrow at midnight.
Read Brigantine headlines
Play some Kanye West.
How much time is left on the new timer?
What ingredients are in chicken pot pie
RESET MY TIMER TO 12 MINUTES.
is it raining in the bronx
i am unavailable now
POLITICAL NEWS HEADLINES PLEASE
How many minutes to cook bacon
Airport trip in 3 days; please set a 2 hour reminder beforehand
call Whatsapp Karina
things to do today
will I need an umbrella today
Ask Joe to close the garage before he leaves the house.
I'd like to listen to some thrash metal.
call Carolina Maxwell and Katie Mcleod for me
Message Benji to see if he left his towel at my house last night
Play Chris Tomlin station
How old is Mariah Carey?
resume the last timer please
Make a phone call with Edgar, Jacquelyn, Moses, and Colin
Resume the timer.
update my meeting reminder to next thursday
Can you remind me to call home tomorrow and check on my brother
How's the weather looking in Prague?
Change my status to interested for the second event
What are the top news stories of the day?
lengthen that timer by 17 minutes
what ingredients do i need to make lasagna
Play random music playlist
I have had to reschedule the conference, please cancel reminder
Show me easiest way to broil a steak
Are we under a tornado watch?
Are there any weather watches right now?
How long do I bake a whole chicken
important news from CNN?
What temperature should I bake bacon at
stop time
Most popular recipes for turkey chili
bring me the latest celebrity gossip
Check to see if Paul lives in Cheshire still.
What's the latest hit?
call Madalynn Burch
Give me a news update.
What time is sunset tonight
Play Pretty Lights
Call Jude Gavin Miles now
Play the first song
Give me all news reports on police brutality
call 7105553393
Best way to cook steak
Set up a reminder for next Monday to finish my homework.
Ask Jon if he'll be there on Friday
Which type of oil is the healthiest
set reminder for my wife birthday
news about amd stock
Delete the alert for my date on Saturday.
can i grill pizza
call filing clerk
how many carbs are in a strawberry banana smoothie
Weather in Fahrenheit?
Have Murphy taken off the group call
Set go to work alarm
what is the time left on the timer?
Play the new DMX album
please invite tina on this call as well
I would like to send that Messenger message
call Gregory Adkins
remind me that my groceries need to be picked up at 2pm tomorrow
please find me something fun to do tonight
call Jenna Pierce
Play Lecrae's new album.
Is there anything to do in Headland Friday night
Add a reminder to do the dishes.
Tell me what volleyball games are happening on Thursday
Who is running on the GOP ticket
Please remove Steven Jackson from the call
how do I make chicken soup
hang up Cassey
i need a recipe for pulled pork
Set alarm for 7 minutes with a warning that will go off at 5 minutes.
give me the latest news on womens basketball
Make an alarm for Fridays at 6am for 2 months, please
Please send a message to Richard telling him my ETA is 30 minutes.
What time is sunset today in Asheville
Friends of Amber.
Please delete the timer I just started and begin a new one.
What will the weather be like in Atlanta tomorrow morning?
Set a reminder for this Sunday to log online and reserve airline tickets for Dave's wedding
play my playlist with this name
Who works at MAC
play MacArthur Park on Spotify for me
Set an alarm that goes off daily at 6am
What is the humidity percentage for today?
can you please send message to Kelly and Adam Waverly
is there a vegan version of sloppy joes
Will I need rain boots tomorrow?
add Lyn Alberto
Show others I am unavailable
Set a timer.
Please start an Alarm Tuesdays at 7 called phone bill.
Ring my dad.
Change station to 90s hip hop
I'd like to know the weather this afternoon.
how many calories are in chicken stir-fry
Go ahead and start a call with joey please
send jaclyn a happy birthday message
Will you play my Lady Gaga play list in Spotify?
give me a new alarm for 0640
Can somebody allergic to coconut have Canola oil
Read me the local news headlines.
update Sunday's reminder to bring music
Message Kirk saying I need coffee please
What's the weekend forecast
Is there anything interesting to do in Oconto tonight
Start playing Miguel's latest album
Please tell me all my alarm times.
What song is playing now?
set seven minute timer and one hour and twenty minute timer and ten minute timer
set alarm for 3:47pm
What are all my email reminders for this upcoming week?
is there any updates in the news
Read my local news headlines
set the alarm for 2 minute intervals
send Happy Birthday to Jerilyn
Set my alarm for ten am.
Temperature
ring Malcolm Robertson
create a go to bed alarm for 9pm tonight
play Trippie Redd on iheartradio
is there anything interesting to do this week
ask beth what is the best way to get to the cabin from here
How many calories in a slice of pizza
make a call to Makayla's kid
Would you mind setting an alarm for me please?
call Kerr and Sheppard
Who is Kelly's husband?
Pause activity
i would like to message the wild and out thread message
Can you dial my friends for me
Any cool parties this weekend
How many people have been injured at the  supremacist riot?
Do I know anyone that went to Penn State University?
Tell me the top trending news story on CNN this morning.
What fun things could I do in Las Vegas next weekend
Will it be sunny next weekend?
Where do my friends live in Mexico?
play Stone sour Song #3
Who's not busy
Get my messages from the gym partners group
sound alarm at 850
remind me to be at the dr. tomorrow at 8
Give Ally a call
Change reminder for pool night to Sunday at 10pm.
i want to see video messages from my daughter
set an alarm for 8am tomorrow and 10am on friday
How do I melt chocolate on the stove
Where can I have fun in the morning
is Osvaldo online?
Remind me to send Mark a copy of Matt's auto insurance policy before tomorrow morning?
is a pizza more nutritious than a hamburger
What will the weather be like next Friday?
set alarm at 3 pm today
have i received any messages from my wife this week?
did the president give any updates today
Is the fire in Calgary still out of control
Remind me to ask for a raise at 10
set spotify as the default app for music
What's happening in Athens in two weeks
Remind me to call doctor when I get to work
Make a wake up alarm at 3pm on Thursday
Weather at 9am?
Major political events in Washington D.C. this week
Message Shanti saying 'rofl, did you see Meena's silly post?'
is there any music events today
How much cumin do I add to Mexican rice
What can you tell me about Bob?
Remind me about Camryn's birthday on Friday night.
reminder for yoga class tomorrow
Set a timer to pull cookies out of the oven in 12 minutes
What time are my alarms for Wednesday
Set a new alarm for July 15th at 6.00 am
who is currently topping the charts
shut down
put 25 minutes more on my Floss timer
Get rid of the sleeping timer
can you send Kyra and Phil Bradley message
call Helen
Set a reminder to call my husband when I get home
Please tell me the forecast is for 10 January, ta.
How long is this current song?
Switch to incoming call
Play 90s ballads
What is the latest news on Queen Elizabeth this month?
what is the latest news on north korea?
Read latest articles published on News App.
play the 1962 The Hangover Part II
whats going on in local news
is tuesday going to be sunny
give me a recipe for chocolate cake
Show me all reminders for the next hour
Show all Roni Stoneman grand daughters upcoming birthdays
send a video to Chase
add twenty minutes to cole's time out timer
Find a recipe for Zucchini lasagna.
I want to hear Lil Baby please
What reminders do i have for the next week and a half
set a reminder to cancel the vet appointment for the cat
Set up a reminder for 5 PM when Chris is coming home from work.
How young is Corrie
Remind me in 20 minutes to turn on skype
Thumbs down on current song.
gimme today's good news
What is the best recipe for cheese pizza
grab messages from my life partner
What is Li's home address?
Did any of friends graduate from Baylor university?
Pull up all reminders I have for Juju
Is it around 29 degree F outside tomorrow
Can you cancel my upcoming alarm?
Give me the quick low-down on world news.
How much sodium is in a slice of bacon
Are you able to set a timer for exactly 62 seconds
Find a recipe for vegetarian chili
friends of courtney
What is Kris work address?
Add a reminder for myself to schedule golf lessons this Sunday.
is there cream cheese in cheesecake
Remove all reminders about work
Will it be hot at the weekend
Remind me to purchase the grill for the cookout on August 28th.
call Emerson using Whatsapp video chat
Which one of my friends is still online?
news headlines from nbc
can you set a reminder for me to turn off the AC in half an hour
is Stephen online?
respond yes to the fourth event
place a call to Mia Caldwell, Drake Quinn, Melvin Keith and Brisa Blankenship
Show me the weather in Kandy, Sri Lanka
Set a repeate alarm for every thursday
What temperature to cook Pizza
news about russia
Remind Braydon that I'm picking him up early today at 4 pm for his appointment.
video message Isabelle
What is the latest headlines?
details about trumps latest press conference
call Easton Valdez's kid Valeria Walter
Will it be cold in Estes Park, CO tomorrow?
Show Sulek Mina kiddoes upcoming birthdays
Is the event cancelled downtown
Is dad online?
Remind me to send a congratulation card to my daughter
timer re-start
Can you give me details about the last election
Will it be sunny on saturday
play Shallow by Florida Georgia Line
rain in chandler
play the newest Drake album
Can you call KL Luna
Set timer for 1 hour.
Could you please go off every Thursday at 9 for the next two months?
How many calories are in a typical brownie
play For What It's Worth on iHeartRadio
How long did Marani work at Toys R Us?
Terminate this call please.
I will be available in 2 minutes
Update status to available
Remove the alert about dinner with Jan on Thursday.
can you tell me tomorrow's forecast in half moon bay?
How much time left until potty time?
Can you give me more details about Virginia?
Remind me to set prenantal classes and email John the schedule of classes.
Display art shows happening Sunday
read all news on magnolia, texas
I need a reminder to look for a place for Aubrey's birthday party
open Spotify and play The Greatest Hits 1970-2002 on shuffle
Ask Vanessa if she is going to the Operation Werewolf event
Latest news on north korea
do I have a reminder for jj's vet appointment
ignore all calls from the moron travis pennington
Call Makayla Aspen Russo for me
Pause my proofing timer
contact Clara Lambert
please invite Dan to my group call
Create a call with Sean Hogan, Chelsey Mcgee, Nathanael Jennings, and Kade Solis
get me Sherell Grotzinger
Set a reminder two hours before 5pm meeting
i need a recipe to bake a thin crust pizza
call Kathleen number four
add to the Pushups timer
was there a fire tonight
When is it going to rain?
Is it sunny tomorrow
Please make a call to Liana
how much milk should I use in chocolate pudding
Remind me to record the soccer game tomorrow evening
What laws are being reviewed today?
show me current availability
when is it going to snow
set an alarm for 5am named get up
Alarm me at 0700 every Monday morning.
video call Jackson
set alarm for 11:30pm
I want to invite Nikki to my current call
Is there a tutoring reminder for next week?
remind me to call mom tonight
tell me the ingredients in corn chowder
how long should I marinate steak for
Are there any news updates
video message on Messenger
Change the mode to unavailable
I'd like to hear that last song again.
Big events in New York City on New Years Eve
is there any news on the accident
Where is the reminder to have Maia meet with her advisor
Remind me to call Larry on Monday at 8 pm Central time.
find me Ed Sheeran
what's the weather looking like for 7 this morning
what are the most recent news headlines for Honolulu
WHO IS THE CALL WAITING CALL FROM?
Tell who works at Xfinity?
start my timer now
What's Fox News' most recent headlines
Change my 3 minute timer to 6 minutes
call stepmother
Put my boyfriend on this call with grandpa.
Will it be rainy tomorrow at 2:00 p.m.?
Play me Ocean Breathes Salty by Modest Mouse
Is it gonna rain tonight?
shuffle the reminders around so that hip hop class is wednesday
I want the latest news on Channel 11 CBS
put up one timer for 25 minutes and eight seconds and another timer for 30 minutes
Show me some other live music events
What are my local news headlines?
Read me dads message from yesterday
what are the ingredients for turkey stuffing
Remind me that I need to pick up Mona's granddaughter from dance class on Saturday.
Display a list of the reminders to walk the neighbor's dog.
Remind me to check with Selena on Saturday on her moving plans for August.
set alarm for 645
Who is Chantelle's current employer?
does al work
Did Sean graduate?
start playing x (Wembley Edition)
set reoccurring alarm
ring my mom
call surgeon
Remind me to change the credit card number on my gym membership.
Shorten current timer by half
How much flour does this recipe need
give me a new alarm for 0640h
take away 20 minutes from the Macaroni timer
What are the ingredients for goulash
What's the cook time for this meatloaf
Hang up this call
what concerts are coming up
set a timer for my pot roast
Set a reminder to call dad at 7pm.
Are any of my friends going to Tacocat?
Please set a repeating alarm for weekdays at 7am.
Are we going to have an earthquake
Pull up existing timer Biking and change the timer to 2 hrs and 10 mins
Will it be below 70 f inside tonight
Please end the conversation
Create an alarm for the 1st November at 5pm
How much time is left for the alarm I set
How cold is it shanghai in Fahrenheit
call Emma 's nephew
How is the weather like, please?
Is this song on the new album?
Remind me to make a grocery list
How long has Tonya worked for Google?
Remind me to call Dave.
play me some Early Pop-Rock & Roll music
Switch to audio only
Who knows me?
Things to do in Burbank next week
show me lyrics for that song
is there any news about the election
Turn alarms on
Start a call with Cyndy
set two timers one for 1 minute one for 15 minutes
please send my siblings
Is there an ice advisory
Has Jessica attented Forrect College before?
Tell me what the weather is like in Queensland?
How many minutes do I have left on my timer?
how long did i last in my last lap
Have I ever worked for McDonalds?
Make me a lunchtime alarm at 12:45 pm
Is Trump going to start a war
Display my alarms
Message Mom and tell her my plane what will be at least 2 hours late flying into Austin, TX .
use apple music as my default
set up reminder to set alarm on aug 14 for school reopening on aug 15
send invite to Bob for this call
Play Panic! At The Disco please
delete all old timers
I cannot be late to my meeting tomorrow
I want to message Kirsten Levi
Remind me to talk to Frank before Friday
Who does Jessica work for?
Play Anderson .Paak's album for me.
Set the countdown for 10 minutes
Set an alarm for Saturday and Sunday at 9pm
Message my mom asking what she wants for dinner
Do I know any Tulane students?
what track is playing
start playing Elvis 75
What birthdays are coming up in on the 20th of December?
start two timers one for three hours and one for 7 minutes
tell me the news in the last day
call Marc Anthony
Events in Jacksonville tonight
let's call Graham on WhatsApp
Where does Vanessa live?
Remove the alert on my reminder about hair appointment
Anyone I know who went to Tacoma Community College
Wake up time 9am please.
tell me about things going on in Atlanta tonight
Fort Lauderdale news
Fun things to do over the weekend
Set new alarm for saturday and sunday for 7 am
Can Spotify play me Lady Gaga now.
alarm, shut off
Delete the coffee timer
Create a repeating alarm starting Monday 6.00am
Set alarm for 3:45pm
What temperature do I need to boil a egg
What's the forecast next Tuesday night?
How may eggs will it take to bake that cake
Please modify reminder of  my boss's  vacation that was to start next week to next month on the 12th
Tell me about the weather this afternoon
Any of my friends living in LA?
how long is my timer for?
What ingredients are in keish
How much cocoa do I use in no-bake oatmeal cookies
should I bring a umbrella?
Temperature tonight sao paulo fahrenheit
What is the temperature needed to cook a turkey
please lengthen that timer by 10 minutes
change my status to maybe for Hocus Pocus
Rewind the timer to the beginning.
Remind me to dress casual for work tomorrow morning.
Set an alarm for the 25th of December.
Remind me to return my online purchase to Nordstrom
Send a video message to Liam Howlett
Read the headlines on CNN?
please set an alarm for 3pm today
play the band Trippie Redd
Is anything showing tonight
Adjust the timer for 30 extra minutes
play the song 5 Years Time
Switch the call from voice to a video call
Common friends of Matt and Theresa
what do you know about katy
start my daily workout timer
Next week's forecast?
Things to do in Illinois
list all available
Does Bob own a car?
What's the forecast for Kenya?
Suggest something to do
Show me all reminders today
video message John J Beltran
How long does take  to bake a bread
Show me Lily's Facebook profile
retrieve my text messages on Facebook
Move the reminder for face cream from 8 to 9
Set workout time for 20 minutes.
show me no bake brownie recipes
Will you play the song of the month?
I want to listen to Celine Dion's latest album.
Ignore calls from my fathers in law Ria
play news from london
what are the headline for orlando florida
Set an alarm to wake me up in an hour.
Remember to call dad to remind him of Va appointment
Finish call now
mark me as interested for Autumnal Gathering
When did my husband call?
Where does Aly live now?
cook a turkey
Set up a reminder to call Dad on August 31 at 10:30am.
Snooze my alarm for another 5 minutes please
Ask Lexy what the road conditions are around work.
Show me latest articles on North Korea conflict
How many calories in a slice of lasagna
Any special events in Riverside this weekend
Today 2 alarms , 12 and 2
Headlines on CNN please
tell me every alarm I've got set
What sporting events are happening this weekend in Charlotte
does scot work for xerox
respond to Dylan with a video
create a remind to call mom at 7pm
Please check is Sarah is available
Alarm to be set for 8am
Set alarm every minute for 60 minutes
show I am available
set a timer for 29 years
look up how to cook mashed potatoes
What is the weather in Roswell, New Mexico today?
I need to change reminder of meeting next monday to 9pm from 8 pm
Start the second timer
i would like to message the text to my parents
Call Remington Kayson Merritt for me
What is the weather like today in Austin
Events in Philadelphia today
call my group
add reminder to call dentist for appointment
Update the ski group reminder to specify we're meeting at the old location
I want to hear some Elton John
what is the forecast for christmas eve in santorini, Greece?
How many cookies does this yield
Play Diplo.
Can you remind me of the ingredients for carrot cake?
I want to video message Jeffrey
Give me more details about the issue of net neutrality
Message Donald to find out when he is going to the Pond shop in Brownstown, MI to get more fish for the tank.
Gluten free muffin recipe
tell the piano instructor to cancel the lesson today
Is it going to be around 89 in degrees C for Karachi tonight
Is it going to be above 90 degrees F outside tomorrow morning
Set reminder for Anna's audition
I need to know the weather forecast for the next 10 days please.
remind me to send a gift for Jillians wedding
Has the gym buddies chat messaged me since Wednesday
I want to see Bernard Vacarro uncles upcoming birthday on the screen
tell me my reminders for today please
Play the latest hit from Maroon 5
Do I need to carry a jacket tomorrow
dial 3675553669
How do I make zucchini pasta
Remind me at 5pm tomorrow night
can you please send text to Tad and James
please switch to the other line
Create a new alarm for the 5th
Set an alarm for 12:30pm tomorrow
Please call susie
set alarm for 5 am tomorrow
Tell me the news from this morning
What temperature should you re-heat pizza
i want to listen to some 90s music
set timer to know when to stop the oven
things to do in Orlando next week
I need you to tell me the location of this event
Recipes without gluten
Events this weekend in Navarre
call Kim right away
Place a call with Psychology
please let me know the forecast for Perth tomorrow
Headlines related to the US and North Korea
I need to wake up at 06:00 on Wednesday
Where is the place that Chris works?
dial camille
Can you remind me to start the dish washer up at 7:00am?
stop and delete the timer
Remind to pick up my son's friend for a sleepover
Change to new timer
text sounds good to Terry and Kelly
set an alarm for 1 hour starting now.
When is the temperature going to break
What reminders to I have for this weekend?
Where is Troy from?
what temperature do I set my oven too
Play hip hop songs.
What time is the day and time for the reminder for the doctor appointment for Tina?
Remove the reminder for Saturday about getting the oil changed on my truck.
play mexican news
play the number one song on the billboard top 100 right now
How warm is it next week around Dublin in degree Celsius
can you set a timer for 40 mins
lengthen timer by 24 minutes
Play BBD
Tell me about the weather for next weekend
Movies playing next week in Corpus Christi
musicals in windham this weekend
Where does maged work?
Is it supposed to drizzle today?
what was Roland Martin's most recent news report
Remind me that I do not have money to travel
Give me an extra 30 seconds on my timer
video message Steve Kessler
Remind me to call my mom on Friday night
Can I listen to Chris Brown?
Remind the team of the staff meeting Friday at 3 pm.
rsvp maybe for that event
Play me some classic rock.
What are the recent news at the international level
Set status as available
Remind me to confirm with Sara the dates of the camping trip this month
show me events I'm invited to
Send message to my college alumni friends that the 1st few of them football game will be August 20, want to know to be there
When did Jen call me
What's the weather forecast for Melbourne?
Remind me to put together care boxes for our family members that are deployed, for the holidays on September 30th at noon.
Set an alarm for Friday at 3 pm.
Send a text to Jeff and ask what the plan is for practice tomorrow.
school band performance in macomb tomorrow
Remind me on Saturday.
Move the reminder to pack for the camping trip reminder 2 hours earlier.
What is the weather forecast for the next 5 days in Spain?
Give my mum a buzz
Put Chun managers upcoming birthdays on the screen
New alarm for 445pm on Tuesdays
WhatsApp call Rex Schroeder
Please set alarm for tomorrow at 6 a.m.
Where does Brad live?
Play the new Spearhead album
Play Anderson .Paak Topanga
Is Susie online now?
Message Andy that we're not going tonight
please set a timer for 2 hours
SEND A MESSAGE TO DONALD AND LET HIM KNOW I WILL ARRIVE AT THE AIRPORT IN 3 HOURS.
Will it get below 32 degrees tonight
When was the last time I had a reminder set to water the plants?
How hot will it be this weekend in Toronto
Scratch reminder for dinner with Dave this Friday at 8pm.
Initiate video call with my friends Jackson, Miguel, Dylan, and Kaitlyn on Messenger
Can you read the reminder from Krissy?
Hang up an accept new call and do not allow other calls to come in now
Answer any incoming calls from the school.
Current news on Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump after trumps threats
try giving call to Jordan
remind me of brunch for 10 tomorrow morning
Read this message instead.
Fast forward my alarm by 20 minutes
Do not answer any calls from Donald or Eric
Rewind 10 seconds
Where was Mariah Carey born?
Total calories for tacos al carbon
how long does it take to bake a chicken
find me a recipe for pineapple upside down cake that does not use brown sugar
Show me the Newsy news
do i need sunglasses today?
Things to do in Hawaii tonight
Anything fun going on tonight
Are there any events going on downtown right now
What's my uncle availability tonight
Let Chris know we are meeting his family at the Auburn Hills Cafe Rio at 9 p.m.
whats the coolest thing going on in Napa this weekend
Make a reminder so I don't forget to do the laundry when I get home.
Did Jack message me last night?
Any soccer games
How cold is it outside?
Is it going to snow in Canada today?
Send reminder to Joe for dinner date on Thursday.
Weather for Christmas in New York please
What's happening in atlanta
Set a reminder for Jonathan to call grandma next week
Do have any birthday reminders for this weekend?
Remover the reminder for the post office box renewal
call dispatcher
who became friends with Anna recently?
open Spotify and play Save Tonight on shuffle
can you add time to my Your nap is over timer
how low does the humidity get this time of year
How can I make a frittata
i need a chicken Parmesan crock pot recipe
What reminders do I have for school
call Jasmine Logan Mcmahon
Send Insurgent Empire Book Launch to Logan
WHAT'S A BASIC CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE RECIPE
Do I have any reminders on Friday
Please set reminder for meeting with marketing team Friday at 10 am
Who works at Office Depot
delete the reminder for tonight's baseball game. it's raining.
set up reminder for Wednesday at 9am, school registration
Get all my work reminders for next week
Ring Katy
Can I listen to that song again
Cancel reminder to get gift for patty's party.
is it going to be a cold winter
try giving a call to ira Gonzales
What's going on this month
How many inches of rain have fallen?
Play next song
Set a 'gametime' alert for 7pm
Is John working at Marriott?
Send a message to my husband that I booked a hotel in San Diego for July 10th.
I need to know if it's going to rain
beep me a reminder 10 minutes from now
what is the water temperature at Grand Haven Beach today
How many calories in ice cream
call granny
let me see my video messages from grandpa Ashley
When did Zac start working at Walmart?
How many of my friends went to ERAU?
Would you record video message to Jon
I'd like the alert time for the reminder about my call tonight to change from 9 pm to 9:30 pm.
How many calories are in a piece of steak
give Holland a call
Mary's friends, please
What temp is a rare steak supposed to be
Will it be around 48 in fahrenheit out there today
I want to replay the previous track
pause my laundry soaking timer
how many calories in a tablespoon of peanut butter
What is happening this weekend locally
How humid is it in Jakarta now
invite grandparent to the call
Remind me to take my car in for an oil change on Friday at 11:30 am.
please call Liam's uncle Joseph Best
restart this timer
message trent and ask what time everything is supposed to start
What is the recent news About Debbie Wasserman
Please tell me the weather for 9:30am.
Can you remind me to attend online meeting on Monday at 5 pm
Please call Imogen
pause my music
Please stop ringing
open Pandora and play Graduation (French Limited Version)
how to cook a steak properly
When is the concert reminder?
What is the local news in Flagstaff Arizona
When did Marie start working for her current job?
Find me recipes using Greek yogurt
Set a reminder to animal and house sit for sister during thanksgiving week with two reminders 10 days before and 5 days before
What events are happening in Los Angeles this weekend
Set recurring alarms for Thursdays and Mondays at 7am and 8 am for 3 weeks
what's my reminder
can you send my grandparents message
what are my reminders for next weekend
play all Jimmy Ray songs  from 90s please
who are Andy's friends?
Replay this song
Tell me about the weather at the weekend.
Create an alarm for Fridays at 5pm
Set lunch meeting reminder For Wed at 1:00pm
storms today?
Find me rugby games in Glendale in August
Who is Sylvia?
What time does the sun go down
show friends of eric
Please read the article about Beyonce's twins.
Delete my repeating alarm on the 1st of every month
Start a video call with my wife.
Who is employed at Arby's?
Tell me Nancy's age
What's the time left on the timer
please play Feeling on Spotify
how many eggs are used in a quiche
What is Lifehacker's latest article?
what is the temp in New York for Sunday
I need an alarm to sound every hour today.
Show me the ingredients to make chicken parmesan
call Whatsapp Lena
Is it going to storm today?
What's the London weather?
call Susan WhatsApp
what is my reminder list
change the Proofing timer to 11 minutes
Play new music by Justin Timberlake
Initiate video call with my friends Viviana, Graham, Alex, and Zion on Skype
The condo association is meeting on Tuesday set a reminder for Tuesday morning at 10
Cancel all my alarms for
get me messages from my nana
grab my messages from Aria
lets see messages from my nana
please have my alarm go off
What is the weather going to be like tomorrow?
Do I need flour in cookies
Please remove all reminders for the Cycle Group for the rest of this year.
What famous people went to Yale?
Set an alarm every Monday at 10:00AM
Weather forecast for Mexico.
Set doctor vist alarm on 1st of every month.
Delete my reminder for Sunday.
Invite wives to join call
Schedule a 50 minute timer at 2pm
How to make Chinese fried rice
rsvp no to Giants at Patriots
how do you make chicken spaghetti
Have an alarm set for 8am, name it 'call lucy'.
remind me to go left at the light
Read me the most recent news about North Korea's nuclear program
what are video messages from my brother
available people please
Has Max sent me anything via WhatsApp
How long do I bake Lasagna
Who is on hold?
When did Ana finish the High school level?
I am not available right now
Should I bring a long sleeve shirt?
Ring stepparents
Remove any reminder that include Susan
Set my current availability as unavailable
Remind me to take the trash out tonight at 7pm.
can you find reminders of meeting start times for next week?
Create a second timer for 3 hours
remind me to buy toilet paper
Remind me of mail return tomorrow morning.
cancel all of my alarms
Set a timer for every 15 minutes
grilled shrimp marinade recipe
put timer on pause
what ingredients do i need for coleslaw
let's record a birthday video message for Finn
From who is this incoming call?
send a message to my siblings to meet for drinks on Friday
set a timer for half an hour
Remove my payday reminders for last month
what is happening in miami tomorrow
Remind Elizabeth to have all her school stuff ready for tomorrow.
Set an alarm now
What will the weather be like on Saturday
Yesterday was awfully hot and I would like to know what the yesterday's temperature was
Restart the previous timer.
Are there any reminders for chemistry homework next week?
Start the alarm at 11am
Give me the last 10 headlines.
do you know who's number this is calling me?
REMIND ME TO GO TO SHOP ON 14TH FEB
Switch call over
Put an alarm on for this evening
Open up my romantic playlist.
Recipes for teriyaki chicken
Tell me something about Carter.
leave current call and switch
message mark to see if he wants to join me for the biebs concert
should I wear a pinafore tomorrow
what is the top story today
Remind Deb to add her menu to the camping list.
Take 30 seconds off my timer
recent headlines please
play the song Wake Me Up
Could you cancel the call for me please.
tell me how old Kade is.
Record a video message for Edwin.
rsvp yes to Fly 5K at the Museum of Flight
how much salt should i add to pork roast
remind me to get milk on the way home.
Ignore the next call.
Please play Filter House music.
How many calories in a 12 oz chocolate milk shake?
Will it be icy today
should I expect rain
set reminder for tomorrow to change plans
Get this video message over to Barrett.
please accept the video call from my cousins
What is the temperature in Los Angeles today?
successful calls history
Send a picture of me
let me know when timer is halfway done
show me video messages from my papa Saylor
Remind me to respond to John's invite on Facebook about attending his sister's birthday party on Saturday by  Thursday at 12:00 noon.
invite grandpa to the current call
put this song on repeat.
last song again please
Never play this song
who is available to talk right now
show all existing alarms
Tell me what alerts I have set today
Play Michael Jackson music
start call to my daughters now
Alarm for February 14, 10am
play the song Sweet Child O' Mine
What time did Alison video call me
call my wife Carolyn through WhatsApp
accept the new call
Anything fun to do on a Wednesday night
Can we listen to some toddler music?
please send the women chat
when is my reminder set for mowing the lawn?
What's in deviled eggs
call dad
Please change this video call to a voice call.
a playlist for popular Madonna songs
Remind my teammates that the next game is blue uniforms
Music for Sleeping: Thunderstorm and Rain Sounds on pandora please
Add friend to call
how bad are the storms in phoenix right now
have i had any missed calls this afternoon?
call Dinah A Dawson
CNN international news headlines
How much time is remaining on my first alarm?
Add in Elle to this call please
message Amanda that we will be around Tahoe for the 4th
What can we do this Sunday in Steamboat Springs
mark me as interested for this event
Set my timer for every 2 hours.
could I video message Patrick Perez Aguilar
Resume the song
Get my messages from the church thread
How hot should cooked pork be
Give me the top news
how long do you cook steak to make it well done
Please set my timer for 30 minutes.
How is chicken prepared
Please make an alarm at 6pm every Tuesday night
List my prescription refill reminders remaining for this month.
will it snow on mt lemmon tomorrow
What is the temperature range for medium rare steak?
call daughters
play the song Somebody That I Used To Know
Please set an alarm for tonight
Ask my aunt if she can go to the JDRF Walk with me October 6th.
Share the fourth event with Jordan
Is Kim K being sued
name of album
what ingredients for chicken cordon bleu
Isabell worked for Amazon between 2000 and 2010?
Text Bobbie that I can't make it
Show me the reminders for today
Show the reminder for toothpaste
Dinner theater Plays in New Hope tonight
start calling the brother of Lyla
Play some Queens of the Stone Age.
Has my family sent me anything
Get me up Monday Morning at 5am
What temperature should I roast a chicken at
Set timer for 15 seconds.
how long do i cook a 10 pound turkey
Play classical music
Repeat Beyonce
Time how long I swim.
Is Beth still living in Columbus?
send a message to my grandparents that says happy birthday
Where is Vladimir Putin on vacation
What spices can I add to my spanish rice
Is it going to be around 60 in degree celcius chicago
go ahead and call Allena Grandos
Change the reminder for work to Tuesday
Do I need to wash raw meat before cooking it
Is it pollen weather today
Message mom saying that I am on bed sick
play the song over
how much time do i have left to complete cooking timer
Who is George?
Can you tell me the weather between 10am to 4pm in London?
Set a daily alarm for 10am for six weeks
Delete my reminder about my Skype session with Joshua
Whats in the news today?
Create two alarms for tomorrow morning at 5 and 8
How do you keep chicken fried steak crispy
I want to listen to A$AP Rocky's latest album.
Comedy events after 9 PM tomorrow
what is fall weather like in Idyllwild CA?
do i need to wear a jacket today?
I can't got to concert anymore, cancel that alert.
Put on some hip hop music
cancel the last song
what does jen's employment end?
Find a recipe for brownies
Set a reminder to call john
What time does the sun come up tomorrow
What is the most recent world news
set weekly alarm for Saturdays 8am
i want the time to go off at 10 on the 15th May
change my status to not going for that event
how much time till my next alarm
I want you to add Phillip to this video call I'm on now
Music events in Tacoma this weekend
Anything going down tonight
how long do you boil corn
Make a reminder for school tomorrow
Can you play some Christmas music
Find me a tocino pork recipe
Please modify the reminder of my math test today to next friday
please dial Danielle right away
can you send that video to the playdate group
Are there any big elections in the news the week?
does jeff work at wells fargo
what is a gluten free egg free dessert
play 1950s music
What is a good crock pot recipe for chicken
What is my current remaining time?
play news on nbc
what is the wind like today
Put alarm for work drinks every Friday at 5pm
No sound please
Whats the high for today?
New message Ah ok
update my Inhaler timer
Let Kait know I'll be late because of the traffic on Rt 18
Who sings the theme song to Frazier?
Set up a reminder to go buy dog food.
Is it going to be above 69 in F new york
Tell me who works at Macys
I need you to send the text on Messenger
How many grams of fat are in a cheeseburger
Is it gonna snow in my area
List all V. Cadle spouses birthdays
joshs friends
is there going to be a hail this evening?
connect me with my mom
What is the temperature in Sacramento, CA?
Cancel all my alarms.
The closest Sonic Drive-in is 3 miles from my place and I want you to inform that to Robert.
Set an alarm clock for 4th of huly
remind me to set a one hour appt with a masseuse
show reminders from the school board in the next 6 months
add Kaylee
Make a reminder for Shelly's birthday party this weekend.
play song again
Start me a half hour timer
Sundown is at what time?
what temperature do I cook the turkey to
Remind me to pick up burger buns when grocery shop on Thursday night.
Squash casserole recipe
Can you find people who are friends with Tom?
find soul food recipes
How hot is it?
What is the weather going to be this weekend?
Can you replay the last song
can you reduce my timer in half
play Sixteen on iHeartRadio
Play a song with an oboe
let me hear lady gaga do what you want
When did I start at ECU?
RSVP maybe to Tacocat
Can you play a song by Miles Davis?
I need to make a grocery list; will you remind me when I get off work at 5:00 p.m.?
video messaging please record a video for Sue with directions
Set a timer for a half an hour and then 45 minutes
update from scott peterson case
Remind me to contact Gerald to review the blueprint alterations at 3:30pm.
get greg on this call
how long does it take to defrost a whole chicken
I want to go to to TEDxSeattle
Start alarm on Friday at 3:30pm
play 981 K D D please
Play the last album recorded by John Legend.
set a reminder for 5 pm Wednesday to remember Kimbelle's birthday dinner Thursday night
Does Samantha Watt have a stepmom?
How many minutes are left on the timer
How long till timer goes off
please call Gunner Burns's sibling
is it going to sunny tomorrow morning
give me a new alarm for 1350h
time left on workout timer
is there a concert this weekend
make my timer longer by 15 seconds please
children's songs
I WANT TO HEAR FOLK MUSIC
Remind me that karine's party is tomorrow
How many grams of sugar is in orange juice
Set a reminder to go shopping at 6.
Who just graduated from UNC recently?
respond to Jessica with a video
Recommend me some events in Petersburg
Is it cooler today than it was yesterday?
set oven timer for 40 minutes
Which small group is Jamie a part of in Everett?
add Nick to call
Set timer for 45 minutes
please call Skyler on Messenger
Remind me to take my pill at 1pm
Please call my stepdad
down town appleton events in april
my stepdad is online or not.
Easy lunch ideas for kids
I want to hear songs from the fifties
Is there a tornado watch today?
is it going to be hot tomorrow?
Who does Yuri work for?
Who works at TCBY?
Do i know any one from Ohio
Please call my aunts.
Play Ninja Rap by Vanilla Ice
Shut down the alarm
Show me all reminders
What do I need to make alfredo sauce
End this call
set status to busy
call Carolyn number one
Set up a reminder for my daughter to visit her cousin Abby before she leaves for college in 4 days!
Delete the timer.
Cancel the next timer set to go off
Set me a reminder about the trolley tour on August 24th.
change music provider to iheartradio
Set an alarm for 20 minutes
is there any reminders for the business group today.
remind jack that its my birthday next week
any events today in LA
put Whatsapp as my default calling
set my timer for 6 minutes
how long on the linguine timer
Tell me the latest news about Obamacare
Call my father.
Pickup new call and disconnect previous
Set a timer for one minute.
Set up a reminder for tomorrow to pack band aids and epi pens for the trip.
What is today's forecast?
put up an alarm for 2 hours from now
Please call Sophie
Delete my dinner reminder and reschedule it for next saturday
how long does it take to make chicken Parmesan
i'd like to call Kali Fox in WhatsApp
events next month in Los Angeles
Where does Liam live
What's the headline news in Spain?
open Spotify and play Nothing Was The Same (Deluxe) on shuffle
Remind me to call Tom tomorrow to wish him a happy birthday.
Set myself as busy
open iheartradio and play Today on shuffle
give dad a call
Tell me if my friend in Chicago is online.
Message Barbara and ask her if she can tell Laura I have mail for her
What's my time
Create an alarm for 4th of May
Change station
is there a tornado watch for this area in the next week
What is the top story for today
Message Ben to let him know that we are not going to the concert like we  Originally planned
Create a workout timer that ends in 30 minutes
call the third Richard
WhatsApp call Larry
what are the current events in washington DC
send a message to cycling thread that says talk to you later
Is Debbie currently available?
please switch availability on
remind me to call plumber this afternoon
place a call to Eleanor Farmer, Cindy Thornton, Corbin Salas and Joy Buchanan
How much protein is there in a slice of cheese
Show me who is free
Where is James living now?
MESSAGE TOMMY AND LET HIM KNOW THE THEATER IS NOW SHOWING THE MOVIE HE WANTS TO SEE.
WhatsApp call to Elizabeth
Set the reminder for 10 am
France's current weather forecast
i need to set a reminder for friday's lunch
lets i would like to message message to Jordan on WhatsApp
Set an alarm for 8 am.
message ronnie i am running late happy birthday
Who is Li's friend Sam?
How many alarms do i have?
I need to speak to Nickey
reset alarm tomorrow
Set a reminder alarm for 2pm
go to iheartradio and play KEXP FM
Im finished with video calling, switch back to audio
please record a video message for Adam Waverly and Celeste
Who currently lives in the Dominican Republic?
delete my reminder to pick up dry cleaning on tuesday
set an alarm every 5 hours
Start a one hour timer
Play some workout music.
wanna make a call to Brandon ira
reach out to her by a call
Is my mom available at the moment?
Start a country station for me
Tell me about rob?
Create a recurring 5pm Monday alarm
Set alarm for 7am on weekdays.
remind me to buy a gift tomorrow
name who are mini's friends
Are there any weather alerts in my area
play Depeche Mode playlist
Wake me up every 2 hours
Text Megan and ask when I can pick up my check.
play King Of Pop on iHeartRadio
What reminders do I have for next Thursday?
how much rainfall is expected in Bantam
did i miss any reminders last week
Cut off call
What is the fat content in a milkshake
call Viviana 's aunt
I want to listen to Carrie Underwood's latest album
Add an alarm that's set for 9am on Tuesdays
Please give me the news update
Tell me the latest sports headlines
What's the weather forecast in Seattle this week
video call Kerry
Anything lit this weekend in Waikiki
Play my latest playlist.
Can you please call my uncle.
show me all scheduled alarms
Set an alarm 7am
Can you add in Dora Filipovich ?
What is the pollen count like today?
How long should I cook the meat for
put my status as busy
Recipe for blackened fish
call Juliette 's daughter
Which of my friends attended UM?
play International Superhits! on Pandora
can you pick up ava Brandon's call
give the father of Roman Mueller a call
I will be available in 15 minutes
message Jordan that i am on my way to football match
Please call Ruby Callie Mclean
How do you julienne carrots
play highway to hell
News on shooting in Grand Rapids
What's the weather in the evening?
who won the election in Virginia
how much time until the alarm sets off?
Please make sure Monica knows that the tavern doesn't open until 5pm.
Today's news please.
display my texts on Facebook
What was the highlight news for this past week
Is it going to be cloudy tonight
What's the forecast for Tuesday
play cold by maroon five
Set an alarm for 6am on weekdays
is there anything fun happening in Grand Rapids tonight
Set up a reminder for the school open house on Monday August 6th at 6pm
send a message to my siblings that says talk to you later
Will is snow the rest of this week
can you give me any news about Guam and North Korea
put on  the video calling mode  now
How to make bourbon chicken
Find whole 30 recipes
Get Jenny on the phone please
Set my alarm to snooze for 10 minutes
what's going to be the low temperature tonight?
Hours left before sunrise please?
Who is jack
Set the timer for 10 mins
Message Robert and ask transportation options to his location.
lengthen timer by 50 seconds
What reminders do I have involving Chris this weekend?
Forecast for Paris.
call Steven two
switch from phone call to video calling
Show me the current forecast for my area
change the timer to 1 and a half hours
Send Grilled Cheese Grand Prix to Lukas
what is in pho
Who of my friends has lived in Chicago?
make the timer longer by eight seconds
how many calories is there in a slice of watermelon
How to cook fried chicken
reply to Catherine with a video message
Who is involved with the Trump and Russian scandal?
Mario's friends
remind me to turn off my alarm
Set alarm for one hour from now.
What should the resting temp be of a turkey
send Beth and Paul
make one timer for two and three quarters hours and a second for 15 minutes and a third for one and a quarter hours
Tell me Alexander Persall grandkids birthdays
Take Kate out of video call
how long on the Break timer
Did my grandson message me this week?
talk to me about shirley
Can you set timer to one hour
Show me reminders for Saturday the 25th.
Is it raining in Arlington, TX?
I need to set a reminder or Tuesday
Be quiet alarm please.
display my texts from my granddaughter
what is asiago cheese used for
Can you set an alarm for 7.00 am please?
change my smoke detector  battery alerts to April 15 10 am and October 15 at 10 am
Update my dog walking timer
Set a reminder for my tattoo appointment on August 29.
go ahead and stop this timer
What's on the news headlines?
When did Granma call me
message Rebecca that Washingon High School's first play of the year will be on September 30th
Show me all my reminders about my Mom and Dad.
i want some beatles music
How long does turkey cook
What did Hilary Clinton do today in the news
what album is the highest gross in the US this year
will it rain at 5 pm
Please call Logan and Brandi
How long can I boil eggs for
call with Investing group on Whatsapp
what can i do with leftover avocado
Remind me to change my AC filters tomorrow.
Add a reminder for the Gucci Mane concert in 5 months
Show me chili recipes
remove reminder to return office equipment wednesday
repeat last timer
Play my favorite playlist.
Has there been any recent news about Guam
What reminders do I have set during my vacation week?
please send Mark and Judy
Play my daily Spotify list
Who do I know that works at Chili's
Show me video messages from Hannah via WhatsApp
who is friends with me and kate?
how many cups of milk go in macaroni and cheese
Stop texting
what are the ingredients need to make sweet potato burgers
Switch the current call to a video call.
Whats the name of this song
I want all my reminders for tomorrow at 5pm.
set a task timer for 1 hour max
I need a vegetarian lasagna recipe
How long do I cook noodles
Tell me about Emily's friends.
Please play me the top County music hits.
Check if my sister is online now
things to do in nyc on tuesday
make myself available
what is Ahmed's current job?
Message Carl “I don’t know where your dad is”
Could you add on 5 minutes to the workout timer
video message Mariah
Send any calls tonight to voicemail
Call Mayra.
Set timer for 50 minutes.
Read me any recent headlines about the border wall.
Update the reminder to call Eric to tomorrow night.
Remind me to buy basil
open iheart and play Marvin Gaye '50' (International Version)
Recommend some ice hockey games in Joplin for Friday
add more time
play the theme song to dallas
set a reminder for my daughters play tonight please
Hey Bot! Message Saji that I loved her pictures of her garden.
End sleep mode
Remind me to buy milk.
Cancel outgoing call.
I want to hear Taylor Swift
Are there any sports games on Sunday in Milwaukee
what temperature does water boil at
What's the weather like today in Newport News
PLAY SOMETHING SLOW.
Remove 10 minutes from timer.
I need to record a video message for Dena Wilkoff
Which of Cheryll Russnak fathers were born on on January 18th, 1967
temperature for this week
start a video message please
unlike music
I want information about Steve's brother Todd
how much rain should I expect for tomorrow?
Set a cookie timer
create timer for squats
Sports events in St Augustine this month
What are the recent headlines in the stock market?
Got a call, turn it down
Ongoing alarm for Tuesdays 4pm
Is Phil's current employer state of Washington
News update, please.
how long does it take to defrost a ham
what is going on in the french quarter right now
who died in the Charlottesville riot
Show me a five day forecast
Do the Smiths live in Butler?
Find me a Korean recipe
What are my reminders for Monday?
How long has my timer been going?
Generate an alarm that goes off perpetually on Tuesdays at 9am
Remind me of the concert schedule.
What are the top things to do in Indianapolis this weekend
Place a video call with knitting
cancel tomorrows doctors appointment reminder
Read the details of the latest Hollywood scandal
remind me to check the light bill
Show all rob uncles upcoming birthdays
How do you cook a roast
Does the chicken pasta recipe have basil in it
What day next week is my reminder to pay my credit card bill set for?
CREATE AN ALARM  EVERY 5 MINUTES FOR 45 MINUTES
Please create a weekly alarm for Thursday at 5pm
Who is singing this
When is my reminder for lunch with Tesha?
can you call Briana using Messenger
Show me Danvers 10 day forecast
Do any of my friends live on 2nd street?
run down my reminders
Cancel the alarm please.
Can I wear sandals?
show reminder for Saturday morning
anything on my list of reminders
What concerts are in Los Angeles this weekend
Send that Messenger text
AROUND WHAT TIME WILL IT START RAINING?
How much fat is in a cup of 2% milk
Who works at the DOE?
Let Mom know that I am busy with work.
Temperature next week in Menlo Park c
Give me the latest sports news
sound alarm at 2325
remind me to get up for work in the morning at 9:30
Stop the incoming call
I need to take Caleb some money, remind me tomorrow morning at 9 am please.
What is the top headline on Fox News
Please message John, Sydney, and Jill and tell them the address is 123 Main St. in downtown Clarkston.
Change my reminder from doctor's appointment at 11am to 10am
What is recent news on Obama?
Send a message to Hal and say I am running late and should we reschedule?
take time from my timer
grab messages from Nyla
I would like you to message a video message
Go off at 5am
Show me all my reminders.
put up an alarm for 25 minutes from now
How long did Gail attend school?
show me everyone that is available
How many mg of sodium are in ramen noodles
set my status as not going for Unicorn
sausage pizza recipe
add 20 minutes to Pasta timer
Give me an alarm for Friday
Can I have the weather for Trento?
play the album Until Death Call My Name Reloaded
Play  a few song's by Adele
Set the alarm for my nephew nap time for 2:00 pm.
Remind me drink my medicine before midnight
Show all past reminders from this week
Please tell me how much time I have left
I don't want to go out, can you change the location for the dinner reminder to home?
What temperature does the turkey need to be when its finished
Tell me who works at IHOP
Remind me to do my laundry at 7:00 pm this evening.
call up Ryan and Kameron Alvarez
Set my music app to be amazon music, please
What are the ingredients in a mcchicken
Please add a timer today for 60 minutes
How warm is it today
Who is online that's not idle?
Message Kristin and ask what landmark I should look for near museum.
Call my cousin on WhatsApp for me
pick up current call from my parents
Create an alarm for the 9th of July at 2pm
Lorain county news
how humid is it
Please send a video message to mom.
Time left on the timer?
list friends in Portland
Do I have friends who graduated from UCLA?
add mum to my call
how windy is it on the beach
Im offline
London  UK weather forecast please
What concerts take place in Austin on Saturday
can you stop repeat all of my music?
What temperature do I bake brownies at
please record a video message for Dana Thompson and Carla Nguyen
Did I call Dad today?
remove all timers
Please set alarm for 8am Saturday
remind me to do my homework today at 4 p.m.
Remind me on Thursday to start diet
Can you reheat pasta in the microwave
set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow morning
Remind me to ask Zack for more TianChi
Send a reminder this Friday to the parents of my music students that fees are due in two weeks.
Hold the line.
Set alarm for 3 am on the 23rd
Don't send it to Braylen
Search the weather in Rome on Thursday
Help me make a quiche
create a playlist called Songs to Sing in the Car
what is the weather in Florida for the next 5 days
Put that homework timer on hold
Are any of my friends online
What information do you know about Bob?
Show Camie Softich spouses birthdays to me
pause timer and then restart it
Change my status to can't go for this event
Can you send a video message to Rebecca?
politics headlines
turn on music
Recent news.
stop video on this current call
Is it raining in Lincoln?
What are the most popular recipes on Food Network
Remind me to cancel magazine subscription.
Who works for Lowes?
start playing my misfits pandora station
Football player trades news
I want to hear about news from Korea.
remind me to take my medicine at 9pm
Schedule alarm for March 21st
Play me The Yellow Submarine album please
How long to roast corn on the cob
Do I have any reminders for today?
Who do I know who went to JMU?
leave conversation
What is the best selling music record
what has Trump accomplished since entering office
How to make a cheesecake
how did people prepare for the hurricane
Fast forward that song
i would like to message Josh Wu and Jordan
start a call with Taniya Mccann with WhatsApp
keep on going with the timer
Get all of my reminders about the garden this spring
Message my Mom that we will be going to brunch on Saturday at 9am she can meet us at my house.
I want to do something tonight
Play me some jazz music
Please call Amy
Phone my brother
Resume morning cardio timer.
Loop last song
does sam live and work in denver?
skip alarm
can we find my friend from greece
What alarms do I have for tommorow?
i want to watch the bachelorette at 7pm could you remind me ten minutes before
call Whatsapp David Yang
Set timer sound
remind me to pack all the toiletries in a separate bag
Get aunt for me.
respond interested to Digital Urbanisms Conference
Remind me to cook at 5 pm
Who works for Napa?
What is my next alarm
Show all of our reminders for this month
start a timer at 8am when i wake up
What are the headlines in international news?
Do I need an umbrella today
on whatsapp call Isabella's cell
please take 10 minutes off timer
What's the weather like out there?
get rid of the reminders for cleaning.
Is it going to frost tonight
could you look up a recipe using boneless skinless chicken breast and garlic sauce
set an alarm for 30 minutes from now
Does John live in Madison?
How to cook a whole chicken in the oven
Can you set an alarm for noon?
Set alarm for 7am Tuesday morning
What temperature do I bake a pizza at
how much sugar is in a slice of pizza
Ingredients for pot pie
send it to Hoffmeyer Harley
tell my timer to take a break
Put Strassel sisters in law upcoming birthdays on the screen
delete my alarm for lunch
What year did Mike graduate college?
sporting events on sunday
decrease timer by 2 minutes
Remind me to set up a doctor's appointment in September.
Give me details about Barb.
does Noah still work at lax?
Remind me to vacuum the house tomorrow morning.
Can you remind me to send grandma a birthday card tomorrow night?
start the album at the beginning
call grandsons
Can you try to call Brian?
set an alarm to move the car at 3 pm this arvo
What ingredients are in red enchilada sauce
Read me article on Flea Plague in Arizona.
is there any live music in wilmington tonight
Remind me at six pm to call Victor.
did the fbi director get fired today?
Create a video message to send to James
What will the weather be like on Monday morning.
is there anything fun going on tonight
Please stop the call
make a playlist called Chill Tracks
Get my video messages from the apartment thread
Pause this countdown
can you reduce the timer in half now
how long does it take pot roast to cook in a slowcooker
Remind me today at 3:00 p.m. to set up my new Visa Card on Amazon.
Would you please remind me to make my appointment tomorrow early afternoon
call Aaron on video with Whatsapp
What's in a vegan cake
please send the closest buddies thread message
Cancel alarm on weekends
Is there a softball match on Tuesday
Who works for Toyota now?
start time now
Message Andy asking if he is better
Accept incoming new call
Create a playlist of Michael Jackson songs
Shut off my alarms.
How much oil do I need to fry 20 pounds of french fries
read me last sunday's headlines
does anybody live in chicago?
what are the steps for vegetarian lasagna
using Messenger call River Robertson
Show me the latest news.
who is available now
Is Tara's employer in New Jersey?
stop and remove current timer
News update about Trump and Russia.
What technical colleges have my friends attended?
please read me the current news
i would like to message a vide message to my family
How many inches of rain
Set me as inactive
Can you tell me who is online now?
Stop my timer two minutes early please
Can I listen to Mariah Carey's new album
Alarm for 9pm tonight
Cancel the reminder for breakfast
I am unaccesible
I need to call Lisa tomorrow. alert me before 5 pm.
Can you move the reminder for the flooring company from today to Saturday?
I need you to show the friends app
Switch the cat's vet appointment reminder from Monday to Wednesday.
Remind me to check Target baby registry for Cassie and Jake baby presents tomorrow.
Show all alerts about our discovery meetings.
set my status as maybe for this event
set Cait as active now
How hot will it get today in Celsius?
what is the weather like this week
fun things to do in Olean this weekend
How do I make homemade deep dish pizza
Set timer 20 min
find me some jazz
send phone call invitation to my fathers in law
i want to see texts from cousin Maria
How hot will it get today?
what's the top story on CNN
Dial Maria
Sunny tomorrow afternoon?
Music events in Sioux falls next weekend
Please wake me up at 5pm.
What sporting events are happening this weekend
what is the news in China
get me the forecast for London,England please
Remind me to get pizza delivered at 5 PM tonight please.
Need to get stuff for lasagna Friday....remind me  Thursday night
remind me to call about the storm drain blockage
Start a plank timer
Did Andy ever work for Comcast?
send video message
Could you set an alarm for Tuesday
Can you display my friend on the screen please
What's on Channel 2 News
is it hot outside?
Give Ollie a call.
Setup a reminder for my Mom for her appointment next Monday at noon.
Tell me who works at Starbucks
pick up if my niece calls
I want to begin the video message now
what is the remaining time on the timer
Did anyone of my friends graduate from UCLA
Open active alarm
call family group please
how long to boil for a soft boiled egg
When is the rain going to start
create 80 second timer and two hour timer and ten second timer
try giving call to Nancy Austin
Stop the alarm, please
What's happening in New York
Wake up Saturday 7am for Gym
I need a recipe for banana bread without nuts
Who that I know is online?
switch video call to voice call
who is jo
What's the news from the Delphi killer in Indiana?
I don't want to miss Emma's soccer match so alert me 40 minutes before on Sunday
Set a new alarm for Saturday
what is there to do in vegas next saturday
play cowboy channel
timer amount of time left
Pull up my distance reminders for work for next week please
use tidal only for music
Things to do in Seattle next week
Did my family text me
message Reggie and tell her to come to my house
would you remind me on the 21 of September to wish my brother happy birthday?
What are the ingredients in quiche
Remind me call lawn maintenance to cut grass.
Send a message to my dad and tell him I can’t talk right now because I am in a meeting
Yesterday's local news
how much salt is needed for the soup
Does Elizabeth work in Queens or Manhattan?
Send a message to my husband please!
Send a message to Ms Davis that Joey will be late
Message Jill she can bring her boyfriend to help if he's free
What will be the weather like late evening?
give me the current weather forecast for 5pm on friday
What's the forecast like this evening?
set up a group call
I want to listen to Weird Al's Amish Paradise
I need to set up a new alarm
Send message to Gina asking what happened in the meeting after I left
what is selena gomez latest song
Delete the reminders I have set for Saturday after noon.
Tell me all my friends online?
Will it be below 4 in C in Shanghai
Find me a greek recipe
Could you set an alarm for next Tuesday, please?
Remind me the night before to pick up the cake for the work party on Wednesday.
Set alarm every 10 minutes for an hour
Forward call from Spectrum to voice mail.
I'd like to call Nicole Gilmore Shelton
delete the reminder to call my mom tomorrow.
Which symphony orchestra performance should I go see in Chicago this Saturday
mark me as going to Healing Spirit: An Interactive Event
Play me some jazz
Change to video call
Things to do in Montreal this Friday
Do know anyone in  France?
What news is on NBC?
When did Dave start working for the city of Houston?
can you please send message to the ufo thread
remind me to order breakfast when I wake up saturday morning.
Taco recipes
What is the temperature in Michigan
Things to do in Montgomery Alabama
video messaging please record a video for Kelsey with directions
Message Jackie to see when they return from their Mexico trip
Phone Paul
set alarm for 8 am weekends
show me popular events in Dayton
lets see my texts from my wife Brycen
remind the office to meet me today at 7pm
Is my sister online now?
Call Wilkerson.
current weather conditions for my city
Set a reminder for me to ask my boss about a pay raise tomorrow.
please remove all our reminders
Any music event in Provo this week
Add a reminder to pick up kids
what is lindsey graham doing today on the news
Set a reminder for me to go to the dentist tomorrow at 1 pm.
go back to timing
Remove the reminder to call Sam tonight
How do you make chicken enchiladas
What time is my earliest alarm?
make a whatsapp call to Michelle Edwards
any news from republican party?
Do I know anyone going to Brexit: What's Next??
Find me an easy pasta salad recipe
Give me the CNN headlines
should I bring a jacket
Remind me Stranger things season 2 starts this weekend
Please play the top ten pop songs
find me how many albums does Shakira has?
Show my alarms for the month
What is the location of the reminders for my sister for her birthday party?
create alarm for 3h10
Cake recipe without eggs
How much longer until the timer goes off?
please send that message to my parents
End session
play 106.1 KISSFM radio
play the album Ladies And Gentlemen... The Best Of George Michael on iheartradio
Who won Venezuela's election
Will it be below 91 F around Seattle tomorrow
Major news in Florida?
What temperature is pork usually cooked at
please set alarm for 1 hour
Set timer for two hours.
call Arielle 's partner
Put it on Fox business news
Set an alarm for my appointment tomorrow at 2pm.
Show me people in Arizona
How much water do I add to a roast in the crock pot
Remind me to call my father today.
save song list that just played
Weather at 8am tomorrow
Delete all the alarms for tomorrow
Message the list if anyone is going tonight
How many degrees in Thailand?
How do I make Huevos Rancheros
could I video message Brynlee
Is the sun going to come out?
Are there any concerts in Tulsa tonight
what are my reminders for my shopping list
Remind me to get the clothes out of the dryer in 20mins
How many calories are in one oreo
set alarm for 6:30 am Monday thru Friday?
how long ago did kevin start working for amazon?
What is the biggest event coming to Seattle next month
dial Adonis right away
what should the oven be set to heat up pizza
what are the rain predictions for this week
Find Tiger Woods covers.
connect me with stepbrother
accept new call and place current call on hold
Produce an alarm to go off at 10am every Sunday morning.
Give me an a wakeup alarm
Remind me to check the oven in an hour
whats the time limit at
Delete timer history
Disable alarm
What is the current temperature today?
Remind me that I have work tomorrow.
Ask my mom what time I should come over
Give me a local news update for Indianapolis
Was there any news in St. Louis, MO today?
Is Bill still living in Ogden?
Tell me where jamie is working
invite David to call please
Set an alarm called guests for 5pm Friday night called guests
Tell me the weather forecast for Melbourne
give me local business news
What acquaintances are online?
we are gonna call Elias Valdez now
ok start the timer again
Please call my doctor
Will this weekend be good for sailing?
play some mellow music
Tell me about Tina
Set alarm for 4:35 am Sunday
search for the cousin of Meghan
play the new Kesha album
Did Joe graduate high school this year?
Show me next week's reminders regarding business dinners
can I go see a concert in LA over the weekend
Snooze alarm off
What's the temperature right now in Taipei?
Weather for Paris, France
Call complete
what are the ingredients in a stir fry
get me my brother
I can talk
tomorrow's weather in phoenix
Set alarm for 3:30 am tomorrow morning.
always use apple to play music
how much longer
Create Beyonce playlist
Can I listen to that list again
What is the current snow level in Big Bear?
I need to know the weather in Sweden please
what internal temperature should a pork chop be in order to be safe
How do I make pizza crust
send Izzy that Facebook video message
i would like to message my parents text
Remind me to pick up my daughter at dance class at 5:45 tonight
